# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 6 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tue, February 19, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 35 minutes
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/process/issues/6)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://zoom.us/recording/share/BpzuefJNT2N42kDKFucFbMx5OSZNnNK08tFcF82Lus6wIumekTziMw)

# Agenda
1. Update on ProgPow Audit
    1. Hudson feedback from meeting (ACTION 1)
    1. Subcommittee update
1. Constantinople Go Live
1. Community Outreach
    1. Post Ethereum Cat Herders Blog Post (ACTION 5)
1. Updates on the action items from Constantinople Post mortem (ACTION 6)
1. Any Other Business
    
Moderator - Hudson Jameson

## 1. Update on ProgPow Audit 
### 1.1 Hudson feedback from meeting (ACTION 1)
- Hudson: About to launch a bounty for the raising of funds for ProgPoW - possibly this week. Both on Bounties and Gitcoin. Trying to raise $100K - that may change. Been receiving some feedback from companies that could potentially do the audit.
- William: Reached out to Least Authority and keen to talk further.

ACTION: Hudson to coordinate setting up of Bounties and Gitcoin funding for ProgPoW audit.
ACTION: William and Hudson to engage with Least Authority via call.

- Joseph: Working with Whiteblock who have written a proposal. May be able to attend site during the audit to ensure they are acting correctly. Provided feedback to Zack.
- Hudson: Aware of the Whiteblock proposal. Most have been for benchmarking. Nothing on a mechanism or critical evaluation of the protocol itself. 
- Joseph: Audit from Whiteblock was also an analysis of the ProgPoW algorithm. 
- Tim: Pegasys team would be valuable to understand the hashrate for ProgPoW vs Ethash, especially around the 
- Joseph: Safety needs to be included for pre and post ProgPoW. 
- Hugo: Who will pay for ProgPoW Audit?
- Hudson: Gitcoin and Bounties will be used to assist for seeking funds for auditing ProgPoW.

### 1.2 Subcommittee update
- Brett: Still receiving feedback from stakeholders which may feed into the Audit.

ACTION: ProgPoW subcommitte to review feedback from stakeholders to see if anything should be included in technical audit.

## 2. Constantinople Go Live
- Hudson: Will create a blog for Constantinople and point people towards it.
- Brett: Update on the Hard Fork coordinator?
- Hudson: Afri has taken a time out. So no update for now.
- Hudson: We need to reach out to the various organisations and ensure that everyone has the latest clients.
- Jospeh: Have created an updated checklist may need to be updated.

ACTION: Joseph to post the updated checklist to the ECH internal gitter channel.

## 4. Community Outreach
### 4.1 Post Ethereum Cat Herders Blog Post (ACTION 5)

ACTION: Hudson to review Ethereum Cat Herders draft before Brett posts to Medium.

## 5. Updates on the action items from Constantinople Post mortem (ACTION 6)
- Pooja: There are some critical things that we need to address to complete the Constantinople.

ACTION: Pooja to set up a Telegram group for the subcommittee. 

## 6. Any Other Business
- Hudson: We have been funded and so we need to find ways of compensating those people who have been working on things.
- Chris: Aragon DAO for funding use? 
- Hudson: Let's do this.
- Hudson, Joseph, Chris: Discussion around Moloch DAO. 

ACTION: Chris to continue to work on Aragon DAO for ECH to manage funding.
ACTION: Hugo & Joseph to work together to write up a general overview of how Moloch DAO might benefit the Ethereum Community.

## 7. Review of Actions from Meeting

- ACTION 1: Hudson to coordinate setting up of Bounties and Gitcoin funding for ProgPoW audit.
- ACTION 2: William and Hudson to engage with Least Authority via call.
- ACTION 3: ProgPoW subcommitte to review feedback from stakeholders to see if anything should be included in technical audit.
- ACTION 4: Joseph to post the updated checklist to the ECH internal gitter channel.
- ACTION 5: Hudson to review Ethereum Cat Herders draft before Brett posts to Medium.
- ACTION 6: Chris to continue to work on Aragon DAO for ECH to manage funding.
- ACTION 7: Hugo & Joseph to work together to write up a general overview of how Moloch DAO might benefit the Ethereum Community.
- ACTION 8: Pooja to set up a Telegram group for the Constantinople Delay ACTION ITEMS subcommittee. 

## 8. Next Meeting: 5 March 2019

# Attendees
- Hudson Jameson
- Brett Robertson
- Joseph Delong
- Hugo Sanchez
- Chris Hobcroft
- Adam Schmideg
- Murat Akdeniz
- William Swchab
- Tim Beiko
- Pooja Ranjan
