# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 52  Notes

### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday  16 February 2021 at 15:00 UTC

### Meeting Duration: 1 hour

### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/160)

### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LeOthoSmNI)

### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan

### Notes: Avishek Kumar

## DECISION & ACTION ITEMS

**DECISION 52.1**: Unvetica will share the branding part of the new website in the next meeting. 
**DECISION 52.2**: Alita to continue working on EIP bot, and get in touch with Micah for questions. 
**DECISION 52.3**: Create additional columns in ECH multisig for reimbursement of execution fees

**Pooja Ranjan**: Welcome everyone. This is ethereum cat herders meeting 52. I have shared an agenda in the chat. 

# 1. [Progress on ECH website](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/155)

**Pooja Ranjan**: The first item on the agenda is progress on the ECH website.So in the last meeting, we kind of came to an agreement that Unvetica should be looking for the development of the website and we were supposed to kind of list what all we want on there and how it should look. Shane and I had some discussion on the content and layout of the website
and some concerns with the website hosting cost that I was proposing that if we can somehow integrate and get it done with the help of github, so that we don't have to pay additional cost for that. I believe we have both Unvetica and Shane on the call, so if you guys have any update that you would like to share.

**Shane Lightowler**:  Yeah, I can give a short update first. So I think where we got to in discussions the past couple of weeks on the content of the website. There was a sort of open question from the last meeting around whether or not the cat herders proposal should change. Given the discussions that we've been having around potential content migrations to ethereum.org or other concerns in a nutshell. I think everybody that I have spoken to so far leads me to believe that in fact the prototype as you guys  laid out some months ago still stands. I do not think there needs to be any significant change to the scope of the prototype or the brief that we put into Michael. So there is no sort of threat to commercials.Michael and I had had a very brief chat about your budgetary concern. Pooja so I invited Michael to the cold state to cover essentially now that we seem to have agreed at a high level. What  the website should focus on assuming that's agreed about Michael on today to just cover what he thinks the next
steps will be from his perspective and perhaps Michael if we could cover your thoughts on the hosting support  challenge  As well if that's okay. 

**Pooja Ranjan** : Yeah  just before we can pass it over to Michael. Would you like to share the document that you have created describing what all should be there just to give us a brief idea of what we are thinking and then we can collect Michael's thoughts on the progress as well as on the hosting chart.

**Shane Lightowler**: Oh! sure of course let me post this to the chat one moment. okay that's in the chat there. Now would you like me to give that a brief rundown Pooja?

**Pooja Ranjan** : Yeah  I think that would be great.

**Shane Lightowler**: okay in the chat now there is a sort of  high-level word doc that I created off the back of Hudson's suggestion. In the last call it is divided into two sections, First section is at a high level again. What is the content that exists on the current website and what sections do we have? What do we link out to and then after that  I have tried to reorganize that into
a sensible sort of re-listing that takes into account the prototype that we put together and also takes into account the discussions that we have been having around any potential content migration. In short where I was coming from with this is that given the content that exists on the cat herders website now it is already. An index so there's not a great deal of content there already aside from lists of links to various sources. So there should not be a concern that we would be potentially losing a bunch of content to home that other websites, So given that it's more just a reorganization next size to make sure that the sections follow the suggestions
that you guys have already recommended in the prototype, which I have done in the second section. It should be self-explanatory. But happy  to field any questions if anyone's got  any right now although I appreciate it.  You have literally two minutes to review this. 

**Pooja Ranjan**: Thank you for this Shane. I believe like this is at least giving us a good picture of what we are hoping to have on the website and yes if anyone has any
comment or would like to add  something that we can have it that would be great because this document we can provide it to onen bc and use as our reference requirement that we are looking at the website.

**Shane Lightowler**: Yeah I think the spirit of it is that the new website  should continue to
list index wise the resources that Cat Herders would like to to link to set those in context of
This is what Cat Herders do. This is what Cat Herders support. Please join us sorry to boil that down to pithy statements but there you go.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Great, thanks Michael for joining us today and now we would like to hear your thoughts on how this requirement looks to you and then coming back to the hosting part. 

**UnVetica. eth**: Yes, thank you for allowing me to join. Before I get started, I do
i just want to say and congratulate. The  Ethereum Cat Herder team  has been an incredibly pleasant experience so far with how well organized everything. It makes my job exponentially easier, so in relation to the proposed Ethereum Cat Header website web content document. I really don't see anything in here as it's laid out currently that contrasts with the direction we have already been going. We have started initial works on this project specifically. We have begun developing the branding board we've developed a sort of formal branding assets for Ethereum Cat Harters. and then we've also begun the frameworking and site mapping for the
wordpress theme itself and the overall direction that we've gone really doesn't um drift uh
from the document that we're seeing now which is great and I also don't really see anything
in terms of scope here that would be throw up any red flags or or be of issue in terms of
extending out the timeline that has sort of already been agreed on. So I think this is  very well done, I think we are very much in alignment here so really not too much to speak on more than that. In terms of the outline here in relation to the hosting costs shane and I did have a discussion on that and it's something I am definitely open to working with the Cat Herders on I realized that in relation to the development fee it is relatively high so, what I would like to do here is we are kind of locked in here for the first year. But what I would like to do is see if we
can't cut some of these fees out outright and we  don't necessarily have a solution in terms of
 or an alternative rather for you in terms of eliminating costs in terms of whatt when vatica would get out of that. Just sort of rostering of consciousness. I would like to propose to the team here that I am open to the idea of minimizing. The monthly support maintenance fee which is the 150 a month, charge significantly if not altogether. If  there could be some form of. I guess to put it simply like advertisement whether that's a link in the footer or someplace on the site that references. Our services to sort of supplement the cost that we would have otherwise charged for. So  I will sort of just propose that in a general sense to the group and have you maybe pull that over between the next meeting and see if that's something  we can maybe come to  agreement on. But that does allow it for now any specific questions I would be happy to take
those.

**Pooja Ranjan**:  I was wondering if in the last meeting I proposed hosting it with the help of github. I know you may not have access to that right now on the github repository but I was wondering how difficult it would be if we provide you the access and you know to get it done with the help of github so that we can at least save on that path.

**UnVetica. eth**: Right yeah no that's a great observation in question and part of that is going to require me. Diving in more to see if github and their capabilities have changed. My understanding currently is that github only supports what I would consider sort of static websites
and wordpress requires the use of a database and I am not quite sure if that is allowed or  facilitated within github. If it is fantastic we can use it but if it's not, we are going to have to rely on sort of traditional hosting providers

**Pooja Ranjan**: Do other people have thoughts on this?

**Brent Allsop**: I think advertisements are good just my opinion.

**UnVetica. eth**: Anyone really enjoys advertisements. So I would use that term loosely. It can be as subtle as the Ethereum  cat herders would like. Really just more after the visual, acknowledgement somewhere on the site and then just the back link, so it  can be. I am not looking for anything necessarily competing with the goals of the Ethereum Cat Herders. We do not need anything flashy or crazy but that is all. I just want to make sure that the scope is clear on that one.

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah, I should clarify that it has to be very clear. This is an advertisement and
and it can't be in the way of other things other people are trying to do on the site at all exactly. 

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yep correct and at the same time I would be curious to know on the part thoughts on the part of database requirement right. As far as I understand most of the things here are just pointers and they are going towards some or the other github link or maybe a
youtube link or something like that. So how important it is to have our own. You know the database here that needs you to know external hosting.


**UnVetica. eth**: Well if we decide to continue the route of a dedicated wordpress foundation
which I would still advocate for in this case both in the long and short term. I think it  is still  appropriate here if we do decide to maintain that direction. It will require a database specifically
a mysql based database. Well let me ask the question this way if the Ethereum Cat Herders agrees on and comes to a consensus that the 150 dollar a month support maintenance fee
can be removed in lieu of some form of advertisement for invictus services on the Ethereum
Cat Herders website and you are left with the remaining 25 dollar hosting fee. Is that something that we  can proceed with in terms of maintaining the wordpress direction.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah I am open to thoughts like here any other people have any thoughts here?

**Shane Lightowler**: That's the the point isn't it if if we mitigate  the larger charge is the
the remaining 25 for hosting that seems trivial

**Pooja Ranjan**: to me it is like fine but i'm not sure because this has been like the Cat Herders group has been trying to be. You know kind of indifferent so far and I am not sure we have seen any kind of promotion. I mean at least I have not seen anything like mention. Obviously mentioning is a good idea but I  would definitely like to hear thoughts of other people.
Personally I have absolutely no objection on that part. At least giving a shout out or you know mentioning it permanently that this site has been developed by these people or not. okay I think Hudson just left a comment.

**Hudson**: Oh my comments just that like my neighborhood's frozen over so I am dealing with some stuff and I might not comment as much

**Pooja Ranjan**: Fine I mean like we can definitely come back to this while the development
work is going on. We can come back to this next by the next meeting when we get some more thoughts on people like the proposal if I understand correctly if  we are mitigating the cost of
maintenance every month and just paying the server cost the hosting cost what we are looking for is the mention of Unvetica on the Ethereum Cat Herder website. Am I correct to understand that.okay so uh let's hear more thought on this and come back to it. On this proposal next week. But I think in the meantime we should definitely  move ahead with whatever the requirement document is and the development that you are doing. How do you think that you are going to provide the development update. I believe it would take four to six weeks of development time.
So you are planning to join every meeting and provide us the update. How do you plan to do that?

**UnVetica. eth**: Correct so, what I am expecting to do is by the next meeting I should have a
branding package to propose and a visual mock-up of the landing page which will sort of provide the overall direction both visually and technically that we want to go.Those will be in just like an image format and pdf for the branding package. I will send those over either in chat or  email. Whatever is easiest and then we can or I can screen share that during the meeting to just kind of give a preview of what we have been developing and at that point. I would like to give it up to the group just to at least acknowledge if it is the correct direction voicing any objections to whether specific pieces or the overall direction. Just to sort of give a general sense of what we have been developing and then from that feedback. We will start tailoring and go to the next steps of actually developing the visual direction that is proposed in the next meeting and then each subsequent week. We will have development milestones that we will set on that meeting and have available to preview the next meeting.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Sounds good. So yeah I think  let's  pause this topic here only. We have good direction for the next meeting and in the meantime I will try to collect thoughts from the rest of the members or maybe check out with the people on the multi-stick.If everybody is fine we will go ahead with the proposal shared today and we will come back to it in the next meeting.
Do people have any more thoughts on it before they move on to the next item. 

# 2. EIP GitHub bot action

**Pooja Ranjan**: Okay so the item number two today is Eip Github bot action. So in the last
meeting, we discussed this proposal during the EIPIP meeting and we were discussing to fund the EIP Github bot and someone who can be working on this. I discussed it with the ech multisig people and they are happy to support the funding of this task. Also we brought it in the last EIPIP meeting to cover the requirement. What we are actually looking for. Seems like People are basically looking for a replica of the present EIP bot. I am aware Alita had some discussion with Micah and probably is interested in working. I see she left some comment but
thanks she has already joined. So Alita if you would like to go ahead and provide the update on this.

**Alita Moore**: Yeah so, the bot is actually not very cleanly defined in terms of what we are doing. So well no that's actually not true at all. It is pretty well defined as I understand it. We are supposed to be switching over. The python bot to javascript action basically and just integrating directly with Github and what that really means is that you need to convert. um is that i need to build a custom action, Github action and convert the python bot to Javascript. So I guess a bit of an update like it is going well. I think I am thinking hopefully well. I do not want to give any timeline but I do not know I mean I just recently finished converting from python to javascript. I am sure there are lots of bugs and stuff that I need to fix but things are going smoothly and I have a direction and or path that I think will lead to desirable results.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Thanks for that I see that you have mentioned about a road blocker, so if people have any thoughts on that.

**Alita Moore**: Yeah the only one block I am running into is like a proper like test case
for like you know ones that are eips that would pass the bot in the eips. I would fail to
pass the bot because then I can do because that will help me in development because I can test things and make sure everything is working properly. But if we can't find that then I can
just create tests. I mean it is not a big deal.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Sounds good

 **Brent Allsop**: Yeah testing is always important, so basically  it would be possible to clone a repository right and just run tests on a clone until it is running and then once it is proven that it works then move it live.

**Alita Moore**: Yeah so I am forked on the eips repo and then I am just going to be
building off of that on my own. You know fork repo then once I have shown that it works
then I will initiate a merge.

**Brent Allsop**: Sounds good

**Pooja Ranjan**: So in terms of next steps for this item. How do we plan this?  I believe there was some estimated timeline to finish this job. Do you want to commit like give a rough estimate?

**Alita Moore**: I would prefer not to. I just hate doing it. It is a really bad idea but like I don't know what the requirements are. I think that might be a better way of looking at it. In terms of what you know about multisig, how fast they want it. If they want it this week for example right that is going to change my approach and my quality of approach or whatever the case may be.
If they knew they wanted it done in a couple weeks but I do not know. 

**Pooja Ranjan**: So, I believe that  when we were discussing this. We roughly estimated two to three weeks but for a developer when we were considering giving it out to bounty or something we were mentioning that  okay a month's time should be fair. So in terms of requirement and all I talked to Micah and he mentioned that we are looking exactly as you mentioned that from python to javascript but about a functional bot that should not stop. If it does there should be someone there to actually fix the issues.

**Alita Moore**: Do you know where the current bot has been being used that's kind of confusing to me. It just been not running on the github

**Hudson**: The current bot is running on a server that Nick Johnson handles. So, if you ever need access to the running bot, I can help you with that. think nicole
can let people into a server

**Alita Moore**: Yeah that would be interesting. I don't necessarily know if I need access but I guess it might be useful because  if the behavior is expected to be one-to-one right like that might be interesting. A test case but  the reason I ask is just because  why am I building a github action if the bot already works.

**Hudson**: Well the bot, so the reason to do it on github actions which by the way can
github actions do python at all.

**Alita Moore**: No not that I could research that and I do not believe so.

**Hudson**: oh okay because I thought it was just being ported to being ported the python
code straight to actions. But I could have been wrong on that I haven't looked deeply into actions.

**Alita Moore**: I don't think though but I could also be wrong. Which would be unfortunate for me but whatever.

**Hudson**: Yeah if you have already been porting it. I would say we should probably ask
Micah or something you know Micah right? like on discord maybe.

**Alita Moore**: Yeah I do

**Hudson**: Let's ask micah  if the code could be ported to actions or not.I think he might know and if he doesn't we can talk to me on discord too and we'll find someone who can answer that.
But what was your initial question?

**Alita Moore**: So it is just primarily,why am I basically what is the driver for this project.

**Hudson**: so we don't want it on someone's server that we have to kick when it goes
offline we want it as a github action that can automatically run. Then when something's wrong all the editors can go into the github actions admin space and mess with it. And also we can iterate more quickly on it. If there's documentation and test cases and stuff like that .

**Alita Moore**: Yeah,I am gonna build all that out. And that's one the next one nice thing that's  about the javascript conversion because javascript is really good but and typescript and stuff but
also regarding the actions like I will follow up with Micah. just to be sure but I am fairly certain that it has to be in javascript because it runs in a certain way but anyway.

**Hudson**: No problem if you want to convert it to javascript as part of this thing. I do not think anyone's going to be opposed to that I can think of.

**Alita Moore**: Okay I mean I code in both languages but it sounds good. I am getting it done.

**Hudson**: Awesome good good work.

# 3. New opportunities to contribute 

**Pooja Ranjan**: Thank you. So moving on to the next item is a new opportunity to contribute. I am going to share a link. So recently I  came across this requirement in a research report. Molec has announced some kind of bounty on different kinds of reports that they are looking for in ethereum space.To try and understand like which are the areas where they need more where people need more support and if they are supporting that particular section to you know kind of work more get more reports or resources like that So  I am planning to apply for eth1 dot x section. I believe the characters have been looking into network upgrade and it would be a good opportunity for us to take up that report and talk about the what are the issues challenges and what could be the better way to handle  these issues. I am curious to know if anyone is interested in working on this collaboration or in general if people are willing to take up any other section or any other report. Also this is a good piece of information you might want to look into that.

**William Schwab**: Might be willing to take kind of  support role as I am like not taking
the forefront responsibility for maybe developing the opinion or writing it up formally or anything
like that. But in terms of editing maybe some research discussion or anything like that and I think I would be willing to kind of help from that capacity.

**Pooja Ranjan**: That would be great. I am planning to take it in the direction of 1559 report that we did for community outreach. So maybe we will try to take a similar approach with some kind of questions then we are reaching out to community getting information and then come up with the final report, so yes that would be.

**Hudson**: One thing Pooja I would watch out for. Look at previous Molach reports I think some of them may be more technical in nature like less about surveys and more about the technicals of a proposal but I could be wrong because it has been a while since I have seen a report 

**William Schwab**: looking at their needs it does seem like it would have to be well-informed decisions for granting solutions funding. In addition for being a resource for developers to make the most informed decisions when it comes to adopting a protocol api or design pattern.I do think it probably would have to be significantly more technical and significantly longer also like diving into different options. Creating a solid opinion around them and justifying that just
for the uh providing rationale for justifying the venue

**Pooja Ranjan**: I had some initial discussion on this topic with one of the Moloch members. So the sense that I got from there particularly this section may not be that technical. They are looking for the areas where support can be provided.

**Hudson**: Okay cool. Just make sure with Yalda and others who would be looking over this
stuff for sure.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Of course yeah thank you. So I would be talking to Yalda as well as for that and yes I have shared it with the community. If people are interested in taking up any other thing. I find that there are some technical reports that are needed too. So if people are interested. Okay if I can bring it. If people have thought of an ideal rate per hour for funding research reports or that that is something that we do not have very much clue of. I don't know if it is the right place to discuss this or not but yes feel free to ping me if you have thoughts on that.

# 4. Events & community meetings

**Pooja Ranjan**: The next item on the agenda is events and community meetings.

## ETH Denver 2021- [The Future In Ethereum 2021](https://twitter.com/hudsonjameson/status/1359165029074034688)

 **Pooja Ranjan**: So last week ETH Denver 2021 was concluded.Hudson Tim I and James, we presented the future in ethereum 2021. Slides are attached there and Hudson and
I also participated in judging.

## [Ethereum 1559 Stakeholder’s call](https://medium.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ethereum-1559-community-call-d43d5f0bf909)

 **Pooja Ranjan**: The next upcoming community meeting is 1559 stakeholders. I have added the link to the medium post that we have published. Basically this meeting we are organizing
to address any concern of miners or anyone else with the 1559 proposal. Ethereum developers are considering deploying on the minute after the Berlin upgrade that would be there. So if you have concerns we have a reddit  post to collect your questions about how we are planning to do it? It would be live streamed we have invited few panelists both from the  favor of 1559 group
and people who do not support as of now. Will hear thoughts, collect questions from the chat youtube chat and they read it. We will share it with the panelists. I believe that's all on the 1559 part.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Today we are also joined by Kriti. Kriti had something to bring and she was also interested in proposing some kind of event or series. If you would like to take over and share your thoughts

**Kriti Pachauri**: Sure so just to give a brief introduction. I work with  a project called plot x. So plot x happens to be  in the prediction market of d5 space. So, since we are into the market we were actually thinking that there  are so many projects where we can have a collaboration.
Now we are moving to L2 and I got to know that people in the Ethereum are also moving towards health. When there's a discussion happening around so who's looking for an opportunity where you know projects which are  really viable. Projects can collaborate and talk about the project to each other communities and you know just broaden that entire horizon. Anybody having thoughts around it.

**Pooja Ranjan**: I am sorry, I was talking while I was muted. Yeah so at one of the earlier meetings we were kind of thinking of having a series on a new projects those are upcoming
projects like the way we have it for proposals. So if people are interested and if they have thoughts on it like you mentioned about one project if we can get more projects in line and think of a series then that  is something that we can plan. Although as far as I know the fellowship of Ethereum, they had the series of  L2 projects they invited in their summer event. I  believe so Anat. She was here in the last meeting and she shared about it that she would be interested in that. So I can put you in touch with her.

**Kriti Pachauri**: Yeah that's really great. Any other projects. also if they want to really collaborate over you know what they are doing? How can both the projects be? Can go to a larger scale or contribute to each other's technology. Especially developers for that matter
because you know there's a community which is really strong and development is a strong part of it. So developers talking to each other how projects can  really improve upon it and what best can be done.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Sounds good. We welcome any idea if you have and if you would need our help that we can help out with moving in that direction. I will be happy to look into it.

**Brent Allsop**: Right

**Kriti Pachauri**: And do you want to contribute to it. I thought he's speaking

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah this is the first time learning about it. I need to look into more and find out more about it.

**Kriti Pachauri**: Do you want me to share the link in the chat?

**Brent Allsop**: sure,

*Kriti Pachauri**: I will do that yeah.

**Pooja Ranjan**: okay.

#5. Become an EIP Editor a draft submitted by Edson

**Pooja Ranjan**: Moving ahead the item is becoming an eip editor. Okay give me a minute did I share the link. So hudson has submitted a post and we are planning to publish it as soon as  possible. If people have thoughts on that any improvement suggestion that would be great otherwise I  don't see Edson here on the call. I don't know if it is all right to be published by
wednesday what do people think here?

**Hudson**: I want to look at it. 

**Pooja Ranjan**: Okay sure, I also shared it in the eipip meeting last wednesday. So people find it generally okay. I am keeping it for a couple of more days if we do not get any changes suggestion then we can go ahead with population.

# 6. [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1axM1KaKc-GCcoPbAnYTOhgLnxXsBVoO5XRjTN3CLnck/edit#gid=0)

 **Pooja Ranjan**: Moving on the next item is meeting notes. 

**William Schwab**: Again just a brief, it's a pretty short article. I mean if he's willing to go forward with that it looks totally fine from my end.

**Pooja Ranjan**: oh sounds good. Okay for meeting notes again a reminder for the submission timeline. I  would encourage people to be proactive rather than being followed up. Please refer to the calendar to follow your schedule and submit within three days of the meeting. Five days in case of longer than scheduled share the notes on ECH discord  meeting updates channel
as well as in the respective meeting discord channel like for eipip go to  eip's editing channel for all core dev we have a separate channel and ETH 2 as well and in case of your unavailability or notes getting delayed by a day or two please inform the group in advance. In absence of submission of a pull request by the assigned timeline the meeting notes will be open for the community with the assigned bounty because we have been seeing that their notes are
like there are more people who are willing to contribute and people are looking for notes
and like as early as possible. So it would be great if we follow the timeline and would be easier for us by scheduling more and more people in. Generally we go by the summary of the meetings that we have completed in the past two . I believe we have only one meeting notes submitted. That is by shane. So, Shane if you would like to give us a quick summary of it to implement this meeting, maybe just the summary and decisions point if you have anything.

**Shane Lightowler**: I  don't think there are any huge new decisions made. I think  client updates where everything seems to be on track for the hf1 upgrade is a call out for the naming of that upgrade. There is a  pull request for that but then the discussion turned to planning sessions that Danny. I think is going to be organizing around the roadmap specifically merge
sharding. I think there's a need to pull the community together on that right.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Vitalik shared the hard fork-1 document recently  it's available and
 yeah I think that's a good roadmap for how Eth2 is going to plan their upcoming upgrades.

**Shane Lightowler**: Is that a set of activity that Cat Herders  plans to  provide outreach for

***Pooja Ranjan**: Not that i'm aware of right now. What we are doing is like  the proposals that
people are considering ETH2 . I am trying to get them onPeep an EIP so that there is awareness of what is undergoing the hard work of each two as well as there are some proposals which are not which will not be getting in too hard for but they would be implemented and they are already implemented so we had this meeting I think that we did last week or in the last two week. We had that with the eip3076 validated. client interchange format so we are just collecting the proposals from there and trying to share it with the community.

# 7. Peep an EIP

**Pooja Ranjan**:  That brings us to our next topic that is Peep an EIP, so yeah that's one quick mention. I would like to do here is like thanks to vitalik's tweet for the episode on eip2929 and 2930 on Peep an EIP with him and Martin.  the announcement gave us over 200 subscribers in three days 400 percent of increase in view time and 300 % of increase in watch time  and that was really nice. I mean like it was a great increase thanks to Vitalik for that. in the past two weeks we conducted peep any session for eip2266 that is atomic swap based american call option contract standard with.There was this another proposal that was mentioning earlier eip 3076 validated client interchange with Michael, sasha and Danny Ryan in terms of upcoming proposals in the next two weeks. We have two proposals planned eip2876 deposit contract and address standard that is scheduled today at 5 pm est with Jonathan underwood it's an erc but that is for wallet api and the other one is a eip2315 a simple subroutine for evm that is scheduled with berlin and the author here is Greg Colvin that we are planning to have it on february 24th. so that's about it.

# 8. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs

**Pooja Ranjan**: Moving on to the next item, discuss and close the ech github issues/PRs . I don't think we have any new issues  on the pm repo before we come to the funding part. There is this point that came up in a multisect channel and I wanted to share with all of you guys. This transaction execution fees because of this high fees if it's very very high and when people are trying to you know execute more than one transaction like for funding sometime
the execution fees of three to four approvals are more than the single pay out like we
tried it two weeks ago and it was 26 dollar per approval so for 4 approvals. It was like
over 100 dollars. so the proposal here is  like we were thinking  if we can have an additional column for execution fees in our multi-sig accounting and only one person do the execution and they can also ask for reimbursement of this fees and only after it is like
over 50 or 100 and yeah if that is something people are okay with.

**Brent Allsop**: Sounds like it'll save some money.

**Pooja Ranjan**: I am not sure on that part but  think it would not be like a single person
burden like approving i'm not sure if that costs too much or if it costs at all but when execution is done. It costs significantly so do people have uh you know other thoughts like is general? people in the multisig were discussing it and we wanted to bring it to this group as well. Yeah we see quite a few open funding requests I think those are all approved but if we do not get any strong opinion here  we can start this by simply showing the obviously the fees that this charge there will be added in the additional column in the multi-fake accounting and that way we can go. Okay so that was it.

# 9. Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings

#-[Meeting 51](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/blob/master/All%20Ethereum%20Cat%20Herder%20Meetings/Meeting%20051.md)

**Pooja Ranjan**: The last item on the agenda is notes and decision and action items
from meeting 51 decision 51.1 seems to be consensus to proceed with the improvement
on the github actions but Alita takes forward Pooja to raise with a multi-state group. We already discussed this it is it has been approved by multisig people and the alita is working on it. Number two consensus to move forward with unvertica website proposal including hosting and support. Shane to continue supporting with Michael unvertica to deliver and to work with pujon
content change path. So yes we had some discussion on this as well there is this one proposal with us and we can think about it. Shane has created this document and that would be our base document for the development of the website. Action one reconsider the website prototype I think this has already been 	addressed action to all the posts all to post any further thoughts on website. Rebuild content discussion. Yeah feel free to add if you have any thoughts or suggestion on the document. shared by shane today. Action three alita to review requirement
for github action board. I  think she would continue understanding the requirement there and will have something to share with us in by the next meeting. so that's all from the agenda today if people have any other thought that they would like to bring up for the meeting today. Okay so we are finishing up a little early thank you all for joining us today. See you all in two weeks on march 2nd thank you everyone have a good day
anything
thanks future have a good day

## Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* Brent Allsop
* William Schwab
* Alita More
* Shane Lightowler
* Hudson Jameson
* Trent 

## Next Call - March 02, 2021 .

