#  Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 28 Notes
##  Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday 18 February 2020 at 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 1 hour scheduled, .5 hour actual
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/109)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting]
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Jim Bennett

----

## ACTION ITEMS

**ACTION 28.1**:  Pooja will contact Helena to try to get updates on the ECH website before the next meeting.

**ACTION 28.2**: Pay for a part-time ECH coordinator in chief

-----
## AGENDA

# 1. ECH videos processing

The meeting began with a discussion about who is responsible for recording the Zoom calls, who is responsible for posting them to YouTube, and how the lack of psoting has led to delays in notes being completed.

# 2. EIP Improvement Process Meeting

**Pooja**
We need to make sure that people get the right information and that they are pointed to the right EIP using EIP 1. My concern was that when it was not accepted and it is still in draft mode, we should not be adding that. So I was reviewing the previous meta-EIPs and I found one interesting thing. I think adding a section of motivation in meta-EIP upgrade  may help us a lot in order to maintain the [holiness?] of the EIP, we may not have to suggest changes again and again.

The section "motivation"   is not there in any of the previous meta except for 2387 that was created by James. So he did mention this motivation section, and in that he mentioned about the additional information about the upgrade and the explanation for why we came to this particular decision . So I think this section can define the process that has been used for a particular upgrade and can be referred to in the future.  So, for example, for Berlin, we have this EIP 2070 upgrade. So we can add the motivation section in that and there we can point out...  [Break in recording]

... EIP 1.  Whereas EIP 233, I think we should be adding it to EIP 1, because in the section where we see the EIP types and meta EIP is defined over there, we can add that back the template for meta EIPs found in EIP 233. We should work toward moving EIPs from draft to accepted, as James started yesterday.

Any comment, anybody?

**Tim Beiko**
I agree that it makes a lot of sense to link back EFI list as a rationale. I think the challenge with these regular upgrades is that there's not really a justification. But linking the EFI list may maybe help there as well. So, yeah, I'm all for that.

As for EIP 233, I'm not that familiar with that one. It's about the upgrade process, right?

**Pooja**
EIP 233 basically talks about how I should create a meta EIP. It's basically a process documentation that defines how we should create any meta for the upgrade only. So it lists what sections should be included there in the meta EIP. This is what we followed for EIP 1679 that we used for Istanbul. The only section that was not there was motivation. However, James used that motivation section in EIP 2387 that he made for Muir Glacier, which I found very interesting.

So my thought process was since Ethereum is one of the most of advanced technology, we are and we may be doing experimentation even in the future. So if we add some process directly to EIP 1, I suppose for next time if we're not using that process, we may have to go and edit that. Instead of doing that, the suggestions on my end is that we should have this motivation section in the meta EIP on the table of contents that James is proposing for EIP 1 to be added. So that way, every meta EIP can explain what process we did, and we would not ever forget about it. Even if we are using some other process in a future upgrade, we would not be forgetting about what we did in the past. That would be a reference.

**Tim Beiko**
I think I think that makes sense. Yeah, I agree.  I'm not sure what the next best step is, but just adding your a bullet to the agenda of the next AllCoreDev's around having your rationale on all the meta EIPs - you think that's sufficient?

**Pooja**
Yeah, I think so.

**Tim Beiko**
Okay. So I actually created the agenda for this week's call. If you want to post a quick comment about that, I'll make sure to add it to the agenda as well. I think it's a really good idea.

**Pooja**
Okay, I'll do that.

# 3. Ethereum Foundation YouTube jacking
The next agenda item is Ethereum Foundation YouTube jacking. Hudson was supposed to get in touch, but he is not here, so I'm not sure if anybody has has any information about it.

**Tim Beiko**
I don't know.

# 4. Consensus 2020 Event
**Pooja**
So the next agenda item is the Consensus 2020 Event. We did have a call with me, Hudson,  and the [reporter from the coin desk?]. We had a call last Tuesday, and we shared the plan for Ethereum 2.0 that we are hoping to present at the event. But we do have a booth for about three hours, and me and Hudson were discussing if we can come up with something from the cat herders to be shared at that booth. It's going to be in a common area where people will be walking, and there would be many more booths like that. So if we can come up with something that we would like to represent, we are open to ideas. If people would be interested and could suggest something, please do that.  

**William**
There's the whole question of maybe transitioning it into sort of like a "help desk" role. We could use it as a physical help desk, just people who have questions about the ecosystem or things that they might need answered if that's a possibility.

**Pooja**   
Yeah, that is a really good suggestion, William.  We could think about using it as an implementation of what we have been proposing so far.

**Brent Allsop**
There was that guy that came on one of the channels and Tim was helping him recover his keyword phrase and stuff like that. I've been in a situation like that where I have assets in a crypto. Seeing him do that for that guy, Tim shouldn't have to do it. We should have some other people doing that. But just having that, I think it's very in valuable for a cryptocurrency. Thanks for doing that.

**Tim Beiko**
I think that's actually a really good idea. I don't think I'll be at  the booth. I won't be at the Consensus, unfortunately, but if Hudson is there, he definitely is super technical. If we have people who are more familiar with the community, people that are more technical, that's a really good mix for the help desk.

**Pooja**  
I'm gonna think about it and come up with something. That may not be a place to present, but that can be really good place for help desk kind of thing. If somebody would come up with something else to propose that we can add in over there, we still have time. This event is going to be in May, and I'm expecting to receive confirmation by March. So I'll keep on updating people.

# 5. Idea: Pay for a part-time ECH coordinator in chiefonsensus 2020 Event
The next agenda item is to pay for a part-time ECH coordinator in chief. Anyone have any suggestions?

**Tim Beiko**
We should do it. I don't know how we get the funding. I wish Hudson was on the call so we could know if the EF is willing to pat for this. But this seems like a really important thing.

**Pooja**  
We'll try to get Hudson on the next call to get more information about it, like how we can be funded. Funding is a big issue.

**Tim Beiko**
Yeah.  And I think maybe one thing we can do to help -  and this is probably on you, Pookja; I feel bad throwing stuff your way - you're probably one of the most involved people, if not the most involved, trying to write down kind of a job description and what's the number of hours required to coordinate everything and whatnot. So if we know, it's like, I don't know, 10-20 hours a week, you know what makes sense for the EF to pay for that. I think if we at least have a good job description for what we're looking for funding for, that would really help.  

**Pooja**
Yeah. I'll create a document on that.  

**Tim Beiko**
I'm happy to review it and give you feedback on that as well.

**William**
Yeah, I think I think it's a great idea.

# 6. Migration of DAI and use of DSR/other Savings options
**Pooja**
The next agenda item is the migration of DAI and use of DSR/other Savings options. We don't have Charles on the call, but does anybody else have information on it?

**Tim Beiko**
We should really just do the simple migration from DAI to SAI. The challenge with doing it, it's not like the end of the world, but you need to send all the funds to one person's one person's account, right? So we just need to trust someone and send them all the funds and hope they send it back and not just run away with it.

**Brent Allsop**
It looks like the payments are still being made at SAI, right? We want to convert to DAI?

**Tim Beiko**
We want to convert everything to DAI. It's pretty obvious we want to do it. The only challenge is the trust part.

**Pooja**
That shouldn't be a problem. We're here. Nobody's gonna run away. It's about reputation, so it's fine. We can just pick up somebody. I think we can do it.

**William**
If the new payments are being made in old DAI and SAI, where's the money coming from? It's from Bitcoin CLR funding still?

**Tim Beiko**
Yeah, and the EF, but mostly the Bitcoin CLR funding.

**William**
It might be worthwhile to speak with Kevin Owocki and see if there's a way to move it over so that it pays out in DAI as opposed to SAI.

**Tim Beiko**
Yeah, they all paid us a while back. So it's it's all in our wallet. Like Bitcoin won't be able to do anything unless we send them the funds.

**William**
I thought someone was saying that even the new payments that are coming in are coming in in SAI.

**Tim Beiko**
So we're not receiving new funding, but  we keep paying people from out pool of SAI.

**Brent Allsop**
But if we get new funding, can we assume it will be in the new DAI format? Not the old SAI?

**Tim Beiko**
Yeah, I assume it would.

**Brent Allsop**
Cool. Yeah, because I'm kind of waiting. I've been receiving old SAI funding. And I haven't converted my SAI to DAI until the cat herders converts and start paying in DAI. And then once that happens, I will convert everything at once.

**Tim Beiko**
Yeah, and it's super easy to convert. It's literally one click. But the challenge is just, uh, with the cat herder because it's a multistake, it's literally just like sending then money.

**Brent Allsop**
Okay, that helps. Thanks.

# 7. ECH website update
**Pooja**
So, moving on, there is this ECH website update. Anyone have any information about that?

**William**
It would be Helena or Hugo, I think, and neither of them are here.

**Brent Allsop**
COuld someone post a URL to that in the chat? I think I've looked for that before. Didn't find it right off.

**Pooja**
William just shared that.

**Brent Allsop**
Oh, cool. Thanks.

**Pooja**
Yeah, I as far as I know, Hugo has been involved with new projects, and he is a little less active here right now, but I guess we can reach out to Helena and see what we can do. I'll try to contact Helena on this. I can take it as my action item and try to contact her to get updates before the next meeting.

# 8. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs
So the next to agenda item is discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs.

**William**
We did that last call, I think, no?

**Pooja**
Yeah, that's what we do in every call. And I don't see any new PRs in GitHub.

One thing - I closed one issue in regards to Ethereum 2.0.  [unclear - recording break] Brent and Jim, you guys have not claimed your previous bounty for Ethereum 2.0. So you can just create on issue just like this. Earlier, Brett used to do that for all of us. I see that last year did was for call 21. So just create an issue there, and when you do that, do mention that you have been assigned by the cat herders Then the [unclear] will open up. Although many people will be applying, usually this is assigned to the cat herders, And when when you submit your PR to our  link over here and follow the process for Gitcoin, and then they will pay you the bounty for this particular note taking.  

**Brent Allsop**
Okay. I have a hard time keeping up with that and doing all those steps right. So, yeah, I need to put more effort into that. Thanks for the help with that.

**Pooja**
Yeah, Yeah. Earlier, Brett was doing that for all of us, so we never paid attention. But I saw that from past two of the notes, they had not been paid, so I brought it up here.  

# 9. Review of outstanding action items
The next item is review of outstanding action items.

# Charles to write up a proposal around moving SAI to DAI and what options there are for DAI savings so that the ECH can make a better-informed decision.
Charles is not here, and we just covered this.

# ECH to consider what percentage amount to put into a DAI savings contract (as we need DAI to pay for notes)
So just for the sake of confirmation, are we considering this percentage or do we agree to convert the entire SAI to DAI?

**Tim Beiko**
We absolutely have to convert everything. The percentage was about if we want to use something like compound or DAI savings rate that gets some interest on our DAI, what percentage should restore in that. I think that's the question we still we still don't know.

**Pooja**
* Hudson to create a proposal to remove individuals from the ECH gitter/telegram channel that have not been active in the last 6 months.
We need to close this action item. Why is it here still?

* ECH website to be updated to reflect the Berlin and Difficulty Bomb Hard Forks.
I'll get in touch with Helena to know more about it.    

* ECH to look into the funding of updating and maintaining the ECH website.
Okay, that was another question related to the website updating only.

* ECH multi-sig holders to finalize the payments in the funding issues page.
I see that a few payments are left there - funding - Tim, if you can initiate that.

**Tim Beiko**
Yeah. Ok. I'll pay the stuff.

* ECH multi-sig holders to refund the final ProgPoW funds to Bitfly.
**Pooja**
we did that, right? So we have to remove this action, too.

* Hudson to confirm wording from Bitfly for ProgPoW refund blog post.
This is also done.

* Lane to create a multi-sig txn to reclaim the stake in dxDAO
This dxDAO thing that we did sometime back. THis issue is still open in GitHub, where we are supposed to claim the amount that we state on dxDAO. I'm not sure that [unclear] has created a [unclear] transaction for them yet or not. We may have to get in touch with him.

So it's going to be a quick call.

Does anybody has any other business? That's all we had for the agenda today.

So the next call we are hoping to have two weeks from now at the same time. And, uh yeah, that's it.

**William**
I think that's during EthCC. I don't know if that's cause to reschedule, though.   

**Pooja**
Oh, is it? We'll ask in Gitter if people would  want to postpone it to the third week or directly to the fourth week. We'll decide then and do that. Thanks.


# Attendees

* Brent Allsop
* Pooja Ranjan
* Jim Bennett
* Sachin Mittal
* Tim Beiko
* William

# Date for Next Meeting: 3rd March 2020 at 1400 UTC. (Tentative)
