# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 120  

### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday  24th October 2023 at 13:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 0.5 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/375)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Avishek Kumar

------------

## Agenda

**Santhosh**[0:02](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=00s): Hi everyone.  welcome to Ethereum Cat Herder meeting 120 and the pr number is 375. I'm adding it to the chat.

# 0. [Ecosystem Project Demo]

**Santhosh** [0:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=13s): Here so to start with an ecosystem project demo. Earlier we thought to do it as part of ECH. We are now contemplating if this can be done on Thursdays. I know you have done one of the interviews last week a week before  so maybe I can help you with a few more apps who are interested in showing the demo and we can plan it on bi-weekly every Thursday.

**ZK doof** [0:43](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=43s):  Yeah I think that would be wonderful, I was talking to Micah and the Interceptor as well and they're wanting to do it. They are just waiting for Micah to not be sick. So I think we have a couple people lined up as well so we'll yeah.

**Santhosh** [1:01](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=61s): Awesome, Yeah we can collaborate and we can pipeline it for the upcoming weeks. Yeah maybe I'll get in touch with you.

**ZK doof** [1:10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=70s): Cool 

# 1. Ethereum network upgrades

**Santhosh** [1:11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=71s): The next one is ethereum Network 

- [Cancun](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/master/network-upgrades/mainnet-upgrades/cancun.md) & [Deneb](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/tree/dev/specs/deneb) upgrade

**Santhosh** [1:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=73s): Upgrade as part of Cancun and Deneb upgrades video share. Yesterday, especially with deneb launch, the changes in the Cal specification especially 1.4.0 beta 3 will be tested on there Deneb  and and then the next  development Network. However there are some blockers to the launch of testnet  including waiting for new software releases from the client team. So
which has been waiting and there are some concerns towards integrating mainnet. ZK configuration into the client is often particularly related to ZK. So we'll wait to hear more
updates in the upcoming calls.

- [Dencun Interop Testing Call 33](https://youtube.com/live/Pw5vl5wfqDQ?feature=share)

**Santhosh** [2:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=120s): Next  is uDencun Interop Testing Call  33 which happened a week  back and especially since we have
cover and on the Dencun that there hasn't been much of change, so this update is from October 16th. Right so there has been much of change since October 12th  network has been spammed with blops over the weekend and dropped some stats on how blobs are included by the client. And we are expecting all the client nominations would include blobs at the same rate but you have seen Erigon client produce less blobs blocks with blobs which we should look into. They are producing some blocks with blobs, just not as many as others. For example 69% blocks were with blobs for others. It's 33% for Erigon. Right, so this is something the team is looking into. So otherwise  we are pretty clear on interop testing calls. So there's a video if anyone interested can go in detail and there is also a Google docware.  called some has been captured as part of this. We have included some useful resources, especially with Dencun. Multiple PEEPanEIP and has been conducted, so pretty much for most of the PEEPanEIP  we have added a video with  respective authors. We would request
anyone who is listening to this call. Please go over them and feel free to get back to us if you have any question. We'll be able to help you in the bridging with others others editors. 

# 2. Other Protocol Development & Research

- EOF Implementers [Meeting 25](https://youtu.be/SSeoJ-oTz80)

**Santhosh** [3:50](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=71s): The next one is protocol development and research  if implement a call has happened, so I pretty much slack here with the updates but we will follow up. There, anyone else has updates on Implement call 25. Please otherwise we should be good  to move on to the next one.

# 3. Events, Fellowship, Hackathon

**Santhosh** [4:21](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=261s): Okay the next one is Events fellowship and Hackathon India is happening between 8th and 10th of December. So I have a family commitment though I stay in Bangalore.  I have a family commitment I'll not be able to make.  I'm talking to figure out something we can. Do I know it also as well as some other pre-planned commitment. We'll figure it out, if you can have some
presence in EIP India  and is anyone going to Dev connect which is happening in between November 13 to 19th.

**William Schwab** [5:06](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=306s): I'm not just a pay proof I'm paying attention yet.

**Haresh Gedia** [5:11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=311s): Yeah yeah I think Victor might be attending 

**Santhosh** [5:16](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=316s): Oh we can check with him. 

# 4. New initiative/association/team discussion

**Santhosh** [5:18](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=318s): Sure yeah the next one is new initiative Association and team discussions. 

- [Ecosystem Project Demo](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxrhbMXuCqMsCiwx1lwu_cNs)

**Santhosh** [5:28](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=328s):Rright ecosystem project demo. It's going really well and has also  pitched in here. So, we are super excited about having a pipeline of sessions,  pipeline of demos happening every Bi weekly on Thursdays. You can look for more updates in our upcoming weeks.


  - [Octant Epoch 1](https://youtu.be/HlICHEBf2aw)

**Santhosh** [5:49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=349s): The last one is Octant Epoch 1. The demo video was updated please do take a look at it. Create a video series on how to run a full node. I think ZK this is something we'll drop for now. Right?

**ZK doof** [6:09](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=369s): yeah I think for now we're still trying to figure out how exactly we want to do that and also maybe if we can ask tap node for some help. But yeah right now nothing.

**Santhosh** [6:22](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=382s): Okay, sure. Good next  and also if there are any ideas specific to community engagement. Please do bring it up here. We'll be more than happy to discuss.

# 5. General updates/discussion 
- ECH Stats.

**Santhosh** [6:40](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=400s):  The next one is General updates and discussion ECH stats have about like 6,750 followers in Twitter 2,15 users in Discord and about like 3,200 users and subscribers in YouTube. We do request folks who are listening to this call or part of this call. Ddo try to retweet like the tweets as we share so we just want to bring more engagement towards our Tweets.

- ECH engineering

**Santhosh** [7:19]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=439s):  Next is ECH engineering, George do you want to give some update yes.

**George Hervey** [7:23]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=443s): Yeah sure. So the most recent update was that I made a PR earlier today.  Just actually just an hour ago um which included adding devnet 10 which just I think just launched like the other day. So I added that to the Dencun  page as well as  doing some cleanup on the podcast page. We will also be adding another page for all the testnets that are both active and deprecated.  That's currently under development. If I were to give an estimate it would probably be included by the next general meeting.

**Santhosh** [8:21]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=501s):  So great yeah thanks and I do have a followup question on our Google  analytics. ECH  stats getting 
capture in the Google analytics dashboard or are we facing some Issues.

**George Hervey** [8:36]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=439s):   Yeah so we do have Google  analytics when we looked at it. It was a little weird so I don't know if I implemented it wrong or something is going on with on their side  that's something I'm going
to have to look through more just because when I checked it. It showed the same page but with multiple languages and it wasn't reporting the page views accurately. so something weird  is going on there 

**Santhosh** [9:19]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=559s): Okay sure maybe we can take a look at once we them with the current items. Yeah it should be fine and also learn to. I know we haven't had any questions on this especially for Dencun. So I'm working on it. I pretty much have about like five questions for each eips. We have about 90 Eips and so I'll share it with you as a Google. George, do take a look at it and follow it based on your feedback. I'll go ahead and update it to the GitHub repo. I know Pooja mentioned that 
as she asked me to look into learning to get up. I'll take a look at it and update it in the format it's supposed to be.

**George Hervey** [10:02]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=602s):  Yeah 
perfect. 

**Santhosh** [10:06]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=606s):  This is something we can get started this week. Maybe we can start this activity this week.
- ECH Operations

	- [Tweets from EthCatHerders](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nqxy7lLJ5gS3DGapIdlqfWKGiyyK84ey9JhurcuONrg/edit#gid=0)

**Santhosh** [10:19](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=619s):  Yeah next is a operation tweet from Eth cat herders. This is something I'm actively working on. I'm trying to have at least one tweet every day and followed by multiple tweets and as required right at least the bare minimum is one tweet which I'm doing and I schedule a few aspects to go out for every week. right? Today's Focus will be mostly on devnet 9 followed by client releases research updates. EIP updates so this is something which we are tracking in a Google sheet. Do take a look at it. Happy to take any thoughts and feedback and if you find something interesting do let us know. We'll be more than happy to tweet about it.
 
   -  [YouTube Shorts](https://studio.youtube.com/playlist/PL4cwHXAawZxr020waJCI0dZAfPAW2naK1/videos)

**Santhosh** [11:02](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=619s):  The next one is YouTube shorts. Pooja has been getting a few shorts done and we are uploading it. We do see some  bandwidth issues with  respect to editing the videos. So we'll figure it out how we can. streamline it. Better and same follows for people short  so it is happening. 

  - [ECH Podcast](https://open.spotify.com/show/7dgxKMkSyy3HWtQW7OfqXA)

**Santhosh** [11:26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=686s):  And on the ECH podcast Zk is this something you looking into ech podcast.

**ZK doof** [11:37](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=619s):   Yeah so I don't actually have the recording yet for this week but when I receive it. We will be putting
up a podcast this week of whatever the most recent peep is okay awesome.

  - [PEEPanEIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F)

- ECH Funding

**Santhosh** [11:55](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=715s):  Yeh  PEEPanEIP upcoming  meetings can be look into the schedule followed by ECH funding Octant  Epoch on1. We have already applied for it. So we have about another 9 days. So we will do find a way to promote ourself to see if folks can vote for us with the Epoch 1. Yeah and op and ZK is there any other, any anywhere else? Are we applying for funds? Do you have any further update on ECH funding ?

**ZK doom** [12:35](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=715s):  I think we finished with optimism. I think we're in the process for octant. Giveth I know we're supposed to be looking at. I haven't looked at it yet but should get on that I don't know of any others.

**Santhosh** [12:52](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=772s):  Cool makes sense and with Gitcoin Grant no. There are some issues with the wallet use. I'll be catching up with ZK after this call  to sort it.

- [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1axM1KaKc-GCcoPbAnYTOhgLnxXsBVoO5XRjTN3CLnck/edit#gid=0) and action items for ECH


**Santhosh** [13:04](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=784s):  Out the next one is meeting notes. All Core Dev Execution layer 172 is present Dev consist 120 is present. A meeting 92 note is present. So we pretty much have all the notes here and I'm looking at.  I think this is a note which  was pending which will get completed today. We'll have someone else work on it and get it done most probably. I'll take it up otherwise we are good for today's agenda. Is there anything else anyone wants to bring up here? Good then thank you everyone for joining the Ethereum Cat Herder meeting.

**William Schwab** [14:10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3cJoJhlqdE&t=784s):  
 thank you everyone 

-------------------------
## Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* William Schwab
* Santosh J
* Daniel Gretzke
* GeorgeHervey
* JA
* Kevin Hein	

## Next Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday  7th November 2023 at 13:00 UTC

