# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 104  Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: March 14, 2023 at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 0.5 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/343)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/U-a9ZKphQ5Y)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Alen(Santhosh)

----
## Intro
**Pooja Ranjan**
* Welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders 104. we have, usual items on agenda, starting with Ethereum network upgrade updates. we'll discuss a few events, fellowship and hackathon. We'll talk about what catheters are currently, working on and some general updates. I've shared agenda in chat. And to begin with, I see, there is a new user join us today. So if you would like to maybe introduce yourself. 

**Sas Sun**
* Yes, sure. I'm sa working at Grow Protocol, mostly on the product side. and yeah, I'm recently started to hack a little bit around, account abstraction and yeah, I was just curious to me to join one of the meetings to see what you guys up to here. yeah, happy to be here and contribute. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Awesome. Thank you for joining Sasan. I think I have added this item in agenda as well, so probably we'll discuss about it later. So we have recently noticed quite a few interest about 4337. It's good that, you are here and we can discuss that item. 

# 1. Ethereum network upgrades [1.21](https://youtu.be/U-a9ZKphQ5Y?t=81)
* Moving ahead with the first item listed here is a EVM network upgrade. As we are aware, Sepolia Shapella upgrade successfully happened on February 28th. And, we do have announcement for Goerli Shapella upgrade. So Goerli is another test net in which, we are, updating Shapella upgrade. That is Shanghai and Capella. We are expecting Shanghai Capella upgrade very soon, maybe in the month of March, late March or early April. And, today we are expecting Goerli Testnet to be update upgraded to Shapella. I have, added link to, the announcement block post. Eth staker community has announced a community call. I have added link to YouTube, stream People can follow that. we will try to follow the countdown of Goerli upgrade and maybe take some questions. 
* Yesterday we had a community call, second community call for, this particular upgrade. there was not much of a question, which is a good sign that people are getting block posts that is being published on a Ethereum Foundation. So goli Network upgrade is expected today, as I mentioned earlier, at 10:25 PM utc. Hope to see some of few people on, the call and, maybe following the livestream. If you have any question, people who are running validator node, they are expected to upgrade their node, so check out the block post and update to the latest version of their client. There is Eth withdrawal faq, which could be useful for, people who may have missed it following it earlier. 
* So yeah, please check out all the information listed here and hopefully, we will have a successful upgrade. 
* As usual, Cancun and Antenna upgrade is expected right after the Shanghai and Capella upgrade. And, we are already making progress. There are two implementers meeting going on in parallel. One is the EIP 4 8 44. Another one is UF DevNet implementers. So have added, recording for both the meeting checkout if you want to stay updated with what's upcoming in Ethereum. That's all on Ethereum network upgrades. Anyone has any question, comment to add here? Alright, moving ahead.

# 2. Events, Fellowship, Hackathon [3.59](https://youtu.be/U-a9ZKphQ5Y?t=239)
* We have, item number two, which is even fellowship and Hackathon. So, last month, we were in, Denver. So I have added a threat to Denver. We had, a small team meeting, like people who joined there. So we had a small team meeting with the Ethereum Cat Herders. We discussed, some possibility of future funding for Ethereum Cat Herders, as well as things that can be done to engage more, community participation. I have also added, the video recording for the Interop Summit, where we had a discussion on Ethereum governance, like how it is, designed in Ethereum community, and what are the roles of, different elements of which participates in the governance. Ethereum foundation runs a protocol fellowship, that is, for, new people who wants to join the ecosystem as a core contributor as a developer. Recently we completed the third cohort of, Ethereum Protocol Fellowship. I have added the talk from the Denver here. I think it's quite encouraging. So anyone listening to this meeting may be interested in, contributing at core client development level. I think engaging with a protocol fellowship is a first good step.Please check out the recording and reach out to us, in case of any question, comment. 

# ETHBoston April 29-30, 2023 [5.35](https://youtu.be/U-a9ZKphQ5Y?t=335)
* Next is ETHBoston. One of our community coordinators is, engaged in organizing ETH Boston. So he's looking for someone who can maybe, interested in representing Ethereum Cat Herders in IRL and maybe providing a talk on EIP or governance or anything like that. if you are interested, please reach out to me and I would be happy to introduce you to the volunteers who are organizing ETH Boston. 
* Similarly, Devcon seven, we have recently received announcement for Devcon 7, which is in 2024. Hopefully it'll be organized in, Southeast Asia. I have added a link to the blog post, so please check out the link for more information. And yes, if you are interested in, volunteering for devcon organizing, we do have a community member who has help organizing Devcon 6. So, please reach out Eth Cat Herders discord. 
* CoinDesk is organizing, consensus event. and we, the Ethereum community are participating in protocol will session. This is a one hour session dedicated for a discussion of Ethereum protocol, and, the event will be on April 27th from Ethereum. We are expecting, to have a talk on, what's upcoming and, a little bit about Protocol Fellowship along with, the process of governance. So if you are around, if you are, in the event, planning to join the event, please, check out for this, one hour Ethereum Protocol Village session. I have added list to other events which are organized by mostly Eth global team in different part of the world. So please check out the list added in the agenda. 
* Any question, comments so far? All right, moving ahead at the next one. EIP author survey. So we are trying to collect information what E I P authors, by EIP authors here. I mean any category authors. It can be EIP ERC or interface or any other category of, improvement proposal, which is suggested for EIP repository. If you are an author, if you have documented a proposal, even if the proposal is in full request form and you have thoughts on the current process suggestion for improvement in future, please take out this survey. So far we have received responses from quite a few authors, mostly on the ERC side, and I hope that we would be able to implement some of those or probably discuss some of those in future EIP meeting. A while ago we shared a survey on client diversity. 
* The survey is closed now and we are hoping to publish the survey result. this week, before all code dev, meeting is my guest best guest. We are in the final stages of cleanup of data and hopefully the report will be shared with the community. We have received quite good response in terms of users sharing their experience with the present client and also what can be done with other clients so that they can be used by the user. Like at this time, we are encouraging people to use clients which are new, relatively new, and we mostly refer them as minority client. So we want to have, all sort of clients, like all different clients to be having a fair network share. And it is important for even clients to understand what users are actually using. 
* So I'm hoping this survey result would be useful for, clients as well as users who may not have tried. Other client will get to know the positive features of other clients so they can consider using it in future. next one is,for  author. For some reason, there is, a hold by the team. they aren't allowing us to add, EIP authors right now. Maybe, some improvement work is going on. So, this activity is on hold for some time and I hope to, get it continued, maybe soon. And, the last one here is any new idea for community engagement. So people, if you have any thoughts, suggestions about what Eth Cat Herders can get engaged with, you know, anything new that could be useful for, more people to get on board to Ethereum ecosystem or more community engagement, please do let us know. Yeah, if you guys have any thought to be shared today, we can do that. Or else feel free to leave a comment on, the agenda item or reach out to us on discord

# 4. General updates [11.28](https://youtu.be/U-a9ZKphQ5Y?t=687)
* The next one is a general update, and the first item isERC-4337 channel. So as I was mentioning in the beginning of the call, that, we are approached by Telegram Group, which is a group of, authors who have, written EIP 4337 implementers, wallets team, and, different hackathon, team. So we are, considering integrating that Telegram channel to Ethereum Cat Herders discord. So people on the Discord channel may be having access to the discussion that is going on there and maybe able to reach out to the authors or implementers or wallet team or anyone in involved with the project development. 
* I'll be curious to hear thoughts, what people think. Like is there any specific objection in having this, bridge created for engaging more, discussion on particular proposals? 

**Sas Sun**
* Yeah, just from my side, I'm supportive of, connecting both. I'm not sure if that needs to be  a bridge between Discord and Telegram or like just people can migrate to a dedicated Discord channel within urs. But, essentially from my experience, I could have saved lot of pain and gray hairs of hacking around, the new EIP and trying things out, which pose a lot of questions to me. And, having that community, which I just now got access to in Telegram would, would have, saved me a lot of, lot of pain and  I could like, get some knowledge and answer from, from that community that is over there in, in Telegram. So if that, kind of close community, let me say like that would be in our discord, that would be something, pretty awesome for people. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* I think That's a good feedback. So yes, I mean, like I have been personally engaged with the no, 4337, authors. We are trying to have them, added as mentors for different hackathons that happens, around, and, I think it'll be a good idea, seeing the interest in this particular ERC with all the audits done and EIP moving towards the finalist status, though it is not in the final status yet. I consider that as a good idea. Maybe we can look into logistics of that. We had done it earlier in the past when we had this strong power discussion, a proposal that was for, a core proposal that was for, like a deployment on Ethereum main chain. So, I wondered if there is any other thought. This is one of the proposal probably we can have a dedicated channel for EIP and ERC discussion and whatever EIP  needs, more discussion, more support we can have, sub-channel created on that. 
* All All right, what we can do is, we can, like, like before we actually have this channel created, maybe we can give some time for people to listen to this audio and maybe come back to us if there is any strong opposition, which I think should not be there. but if there are any, we'll try to, look into it and yeah, of course we'll try to integrate this as at least possible if there is no objection. 
* Moving ahead, we do have some ECH stats update for all the channels. the main idea here is to familiarize with all the social media we have for Ethereum Cat Herders. So if you are not following any of those, please try to follow us. 
* There is a lot of good video coming up on YT, so it's, it would be good to have you as a subscriber over there. And we do have other social media presence, so please feel free to share it with the community you are in. All right, we are making some progress on ECH website. 

# ECH engineering [16.00](https://youtu.be/U-a9ZKphQ5Y?t=960)
* Moving on to ECH engineering. if I remember correctly, in the EIPIP meeting, we were discussing about an issue which was supposed to help with EIP W bot. I wonder if we have any progress over there. I'm sorry, JA, if you're talking, your microphone is muted. 

**JA**
* I just noticed. Thank you. yes, we, there is a pull request waiting for approval from Sun the editor, that, pull request cover the issue number five. I managed to see CI and test it in the local environment, so I hope that Sun is happy so we can merge it. And I have already pre-designed another two more cases that are already, there is a consensus from the editors so they're ready to implement. 
* So as, as soon as we, we push this pull requests, we will create, I guess one or at least one or maybe two, probably two go the next week or the other above. But we're making progress. I mean, it is in, you know, that EIP  double V bot is in, big different from the original EIP  boat, which is  in Java. But we will get, there are a lot of issue open and already, discusses and agreed between the EIP editor, which is, is good cause because this will allow to, to move forward. 
* So yeah, we will get there. I'm just waiting for some, but, Sun  is very on top of you. He, all the time in contact. So I feel good from the ECH contributor point, point of view, I think that it's a very, it's a good opportunity to, to get the group working with the, with the editor directly with the, with the editor, which is the case of the EIP W bot. That's it. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Awesome. Thank you for the update. yes, I think, EIP W bot has, prevent to be very helpful. It is able to catch minor, like errors, which, is stopping any PR to be merged directly without getting it fixed. And it is quite, verbose that provides information to the, user who is creating the pull request to maybe go back and fix the error by themselves, even without the engagement of any editor. 
* So thank you for updating that bar and, hopefully most of the things should be automated and EIP editors will get some time for other recreational work. All right. that's all. Yeah, please go ahead. 

**JA**
* No, I was just going to say that that's one of the, some, I already mentioned that to him, but he was right like, 10 months ago.  I know that you remember when we start to discuss about the, creating a bot in Ross. Yeah, that's one of the advantage exactly precisely what you say of, getting the bot of, a part of the bot, you know, overall a function in functionality into Ross, because Ross is, a allows you to, to create that kind of verbose, eh, message error and help that allow the, to progress without, you know, being the so much on top on it. So that's, that, that, that was a good point. I just would, I just would like to remark it and I mean, so this 19 months ago, good, Right? 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Yeah. Rest is getting quite attraction. I mean, recently, we heard about this, rust Ethereum client called the rep. And, the, the survey client diversity survey that I was talking about earlier, people have, shared interest of, maybe experimenting with this direct client. 
* So that's a good, thing that we are trying to have an additional for us and every piece of the ecosystem here. Alright, moving ahead.
* learn to Earn app, I think, last we discussed, we are now moved to the Poly Network for minting purposes of the NFT for people who are taking this quiz. We are looking for people who can document more quizzes. There is a bounty, so if you are interested, please reach out on discord and help us create more quizzes to be added to this Learn to Earn app. 
* I suppose that this is going to encourage new people to join our community as well as learn them in, easier way what's upcoming with Ethereum blockchain.
* So yeah, if you're interested in taking the quiz, the link is added here. If you're interested in creating the quiz, please reach out to us on discord.
* On ECH operations. we are making slow progress on, backup. Right now we are on Lenstube. and, I think you can find more details in the how can we added over, the agenda. Last week we published a hundredth episode on ECH podcast and, I have recently received a request from different users, a different listeners of our podcast to add earlier PEEPanEIP episode, which we are not there. 
* And, yeah, they are looking forward to have some of the useful knowledgeable sessions that we missed to update earlier. 
* We are, we have been updating all the PEEPanEIP episode. I think, in the past six months it, it was there, but before that there were quite a few which people think could be useful. So I'll be talking to CK, we'll try to get 
* That updated on Ethereum Cat Herderspodcast on EIPs Insight. I think we have two new, sorry, I ha we have two proposals moved in final status. Those proposals are ERC 4804 web three, url, two EVM call message translation. And the other one is ERC 6147 Guard of NFT  as extension of ERC 721. We have added six new rcs to the repository and there are, five proposals in last call. the proposals in last call are generally for 14 days and a bit, more, and, people having any interest in adding comment, concern or question for the author, this is the final call for them. So please check out the list here. and I can read out the proposal number. 
* It is EIP 2255, ERC 5773, ERC 6059, ERC 5219, and ERC 4910. I have added the last call deadline. A few of them are in March and, some, a few more in April. So please check out the last call deadline and add your feedback before that. And at the completion of, the deadline, if authors are comfortable, they can create a new poll request to move this proposal to the final status. All EIPs are listed in the EIPs Insight added over here and the website too. 
* Next is PEEPanEIP Yesterday we released the episode 102 with EIP 6049 Deprecate Self destruct. This is, meta EIP that is also available on, Shapella upgrade announcement block post. Basically this Eth is a warning for DAP developers. So people stop using self construct in their project and if they're already using, they might want to reach out to the client team with the different proposals, like what can be done so their apps are not broken. There are a handful of proposals available in the EIP repository core proposals, which proposes some changes to Ethereum protocol to be topping deprecating, the use of self destruct. So please check out the list of proposals as well as, this, talk with William and Trin. I find it quite enlightening, like why it is important to have this announcement before any major change is done at the protocol level.
*  Apart from that, we have quite a few, EIP and talk added in the schedule here. The next one coming up is on March 21, which is MEV Boost with Alex Stokes. We do have 4844 planned with Terrance on March 29th. And there is another proposal at interface, level, which is EIP 5749, which recently got merged as final , the lead developer of my Ether wallet. So there are quite a few, upcoming discussion. 
* Check out the schedule a link added in the agenda. And if you have thoughts or you are interested in learning about any proposal or any particular Ethereum topic which you think we have not covered so far in this talk show, please let us know on discord and we'll try to have it organized for you. We'll try to invite the author and there is always a form in which we collect questions from community.
* So try to add your questions. If you can't make it to the Zoom call, all the related information are available on this card channel. Next is a meeting notes and action items. So far we have meeting notes for all the meetings, All core dev, consensus layers, and EIPIP. we have recording for last EIP editing office hour. People interested in adding their proposal for discussion in EIP p editing office hour. They can check the agenda for the next meeting and just leave a comment and we'll try to have it included in the meeting. 
* The meeting is, next Tuesday at 15 UTC I think that's all. from the last action item, there was only one action item to check for the progress of but it is temporarily on hold, so that should be good. And yeah, anyone has any other question, common thoughts, anything they would like to add or any proposal for what can be added in the task list, please feel free to share. 

**William Schwab**
* I think you might have accidentally hit you. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Okay. Yeah. Oh, I receive a message here. Yes, I will try to add the EIP W board in the agenda for the next call. I don't see that listed here. It was only EIP V and EIP P bot. So yeah, we'll try to add that. Alright, thank you everyone for joining us today. Hope to see you in two weeks. If you have anything to share, please share at, general channel of Ethereum Cat Herders discord and we'll be releasing this recording shortly. Have a good one everyone. 
* Thank you. Have a nice day. Bye-bye. 
* Bye-bye. 

----
**Attendee**
* Pooja Ranjan 
* Sas Sun
* George
* JA
* Santhosh
* William Schwab*

