# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 13 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday, June 11, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration:  minutes
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/71)
### [Video of the meeting]()

1. Update on ProgPow Audit
1. Hard Fork Coordination Update
1. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem
1. Open ECH Github Issues
1. Funding/accounting/multisig
1. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure
1. Website Design
1. DevCon Workshop
1. Any Other Business
1. Review of outstanding action items from Meeting 12


Moderator: Hudson Jameson

## MEETING DECISIONS
- DECISION 13.1: 

## MEETING ACTIONS
- ACTION 13.1: 

## 1. Update on ProgPow Audit

**Brett:** 

## 2. Hard Fork Coordination Update

Tim: 

## 3. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem

Charles: 

## 4. Open ECH Github Issues

Brett: 

## 5. Funding/accounting/multisig

Lane: 

## 6. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure

Charles: 

## 7. Website Design

Hugo: 

## 8. DevCon Workshop

Tim: 

## 9. Any Other Business

## 10. Review Actions from Meeting 11

### Complete 


### Outstanding 
- ACTION 9.1: Hudson to work with Charles on making a post about ProgPoW audit.
- ACTION 9.4: Multisig keyolders to work on seperating the funds.
- ACTION 11.1: Cat Herders to review the document created by Pooja.
- ACTION 11.3: Setup a call with the Ethereum Development Portal stakeholders.
- ACTION 12.1: Hudson to propose action plan for ProgPoW hardfork delay (Not making Istanbul) in all core devs chat.
- ACTION 12.2: Continue to look into discrepency with Gitcoin Bounty amount.

## 11. Next Meeting: Tuesday, 25 June 2019 at 2pm UTC.

## ATTENDEES:

- Brett Robertson
- Michael La Croix
- Jim Bennett
- Brent Allsop
- Hugo Sanchez
- Tim Beiko
