# ETHEREUM CAT HERDERS MEETING 110 [2023-06-07]
### Meeting Date/Time: June 7, 2023
### Meeting Duration:  23.46 mins
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Darkfire_rain
### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/355)
### [Audio Video of the Meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzmPyRq-8rQ)
### Next Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday, 20th June at 1400 UTC

# Agenda
# 1. Discuss Ethereum Network Upgrade

**Pooja:** Welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 110. So, in agenda we have got updates related to Ethereum Network upgrade. Then we will talk about events fellowship and hackathon followed by some general updates and discussion on what we are doing at Ethereum Cat Herders. There is some new Initiative and Association also added. So, yeah we can go ahead and dive right in. We are also joined by one a new user who recently joined Ethereum Cat Herders discord. Yeah, if you are open and willing to maybe share about yourself. Please feel free to introduce to the Ethereum Community.

**Herman (ariutokintumi.eth):** Hello everyone thank you for making this space possible and I'm a Herman my name is Harman my nickname ariutokintumi. I'm here in the web3 spaces 8- 9 Months and I got passionated about what is being builded here. I really love It. So, I got involved in in Eethereum Science in Mexico that work that happened in August of past year. There I participated in the hackathon and we got finalists. We inventing a new file standard protocol that is called Data Morpho. This is a file standard that does let the files do data metamorphosis using cryptography of education and the blockchain to publish and release the keys by some logic triggers. Well it was a nice invention to LED an example for use case let nfts.  Do their pre-rebel post reveal thing without changing the metadata something that for us was kind of absurd. But okay then I invented also a service or use a Humanity proof systems. It also knows uh sculptures in the web3 space to avoid Bots interacting with smart Contracts, without the use of oracles we for this we use asymmetric cryptography and a modular service that is on the web too that anyone can change for their preferred method this is in a resume
and now I'm mainly working in an EIP. I posted the link is a pre-draft because it's the first time I'm doing this I'm developing this science Devcon and I was pushing it slowly but but always doing something and now the last two weeks. I dedicated more time. So I'm getting the final pre-draft and well I joined your community also to get your opinions your feedbacks, also your help, and then go to it magicians to show it well that's a more or less my journey here in web3. Thank you.

**Pooja:** Thank you so much for the brief introduction uh Herman and thank you for the link that you have shared here and this proposal is numbered as #1492. But it looks like it is in a different repository than ethereum EIP’s repository. So, in order to get more feedback and more suggestions from Community my recommendation for you will be to create a pull request to ethereum EIP’s repository and submit a draft. The number of the proposal is ideally provided by EIP editors so I am not sure that you will be able to carry the same number that is here. However if you submit the proposal as draft on EIP’s github repository you will receive a new number and with that number you will be able to create a discussion thread at Fellowship of ethereum magician. And hopefully you will receive feedback comments on FEM page and we also provide a space for authors to talk and share about the proposal when it is like merged either in the draft status or gets into review status for broader Community to take a look into, with the series called PEEPanEIP. So, I'll be happy to have you invited to talk about the proposal when the proposal reaches to that uh status.
 
**Herman (ariutokintumi.eth):** Okay thank you, yes you are totally right. This is on on our personal uh repository and also the number was chosen by us because it has a song historical meaning that is about you know the the year that the Spanish got America and we think that these causes a mess on the information a mis-information and and stop the the sovereignty in the world. So this protocol a fight for a full decentralisation with tokens uh giving also some ownership a relationship and validation of what they  represent. So that's why we're choosing the number. And yes, of course, uh, I think in maybe one week, two weeks we are going to be ready to draft it in the repo and then start the normal way to do well  to propose something to the community.

**Pooja:** Awesome, that's really great to hear that and just for your information we also organise EIP editing office hour in case you face any challenges documenting the proposal or have any question for EIP editor you are welcome to join a EIP editing office hour which happens alternate Tuesday like this Tuesday we have this Cat Herders meeting so the next Tuesday it will be editor's meeting and you can share your question comment concerns uh with the editor directly.

**Herman (ariutokintumi.eth):** That is awesome, thank you so much and I will be here for sure.

**Pooja:** Very well, thank you. Um, let's move ahead with the today's agenda the first item listed here is the Ethereum Network upgrade and as we all know we are expecting Cancun and deneb upgrade which will be together called as Dencun upgrade. Um, there was the latest aspect release done for CL clients. The number is V 1.4.0 alpha one and it has added three specs, if I am reading it right it's add data gas used field to execution payload and change to access data gas and data gas used. And there was uh this removal of its previous length from Deneb Choice the PR number 3368. People may take a look and have added the link to this pack release uh to the agenda Danny ran also mentioned in the last consensus layer meeting that he will put together an   issue for tracking deneb progress. Hopefully that will be easier to make sure that we are making progress on um merging and having the specs ready for the upgrade. Similarly, on the execution side people can follow the changes the progress on execution specs repository. There is a folder called Cancun.MD under Network upgrade in which they can find the related EIP’s. Since the last meeting um there are some changes, and we have received some new proposals and some of the proposals which were earlier considered for inclusion have been removed. So proposals which are  removed are EIP #6475 SSZ optional and  EIP #6493 SSZ transaction signature scheme and 
new proposals added where uh 
EIP #5656 MCOPY, memory copying instruction EIP #5920 pay opcode and  EIP #7069 revamped call instructions. We still did not get any  consensus on EIP #4788 in beacon block route in the EVM. Alex Vlasov will probably make some changes and update the proposal. And we hope to see further discussion in the upcoming all CoreDev execution meeting this Thursday at 1400 UTC. Apart from that I have added link to the latest EIP#4844 implementers meeting please check out the readiness checklist to follow the proposal which is the anchor proposal for the Cancun upgrade. In the agenda have added some additional resources. We have recorded a few uh PEEPanEIP with the authors of the proposals which are under consideration for uh Cancun upgrade. Uh, please check out the link to the recording which is available on P Penny playlist at Ethereum YouTube as well as on this agenda for today's meeting. On other protocol  development and research section um worker implementers meeting have been started it was started in the month of May so we have added the recording from the month of May and the second call for this group is today exactly at the same time we are having this call now on Tuesday at 1400 UTC people who may not be able to follow may find the recording at Ethereum Cat Herder youtube and we have created a playlist for people to find these meetings easily. Um, we also have another implementers meeting going on in parallel that is called as a EOF devnet implementers meeting recording from meeting 15 and notes have been added to the agenda and there is a Mega specs hackMD floating around for EOF we would highly recommend following that Mega specs if anyone is trying to follow the upcoming  changes coming to the EVM related specs. So, that's all with respect to protocol update and the network upgrade update. Any question comment so far I mean mostly this is information piece. 

# 2. Hackathon

**Pooja:** Okay yeah, moving on the next one is Ethereum protocol Fellowship so Ethereum Foundation uh have invited uh participation of um new developers new researchers if they are interested in contributing to Ethereum ecosystem you are invited to join this protocol Fellowship this is the fourth cohort and the application are open till June 16th. Um, we have also shared this information on Cat Herders Discord as well as the blog post is added to the agenda so I think it's a very good opportunity to be a part of a Ethereum core development team you will get a lot of mentorship from code developers and there are wish list of projects that that you can probably help develop. So, please check out the link for more details and if interested uh reach out to us for any further questions. I have also added some list of other events going on in the ecosystem each Prague hackathon starting from June 9. DeFi5 Summit which is also around the same date and location and obviously we are expecting Devconnect in the month of  November.

# 3. General updates

**Pooja**: Moving on to general updates and discussion Um okay, I'm happy to share that we are over 2000 users on this card and um over 3100 subscriber on YouTube we are trying to reach more more people in community and share the information as usual. So, if you have not subscribed to our social media. Please go ahead and do that because that's where you can find latest information. All right, the next one is ECH engineering, I do not see George on the call today um okay. So, I think we have made some progress on updating the page for ECH website. However, I do not see the latest change that is edition of new EIP’s on the page. So, I will let him know to get that updated. Apart from that um cat herders are also considering a new page kind of sub-domain that we are trying to create here the idea is to have this page open for all kind of application who are using um EIP’s. So, we are trying to create a placeholder for EIP’s, their respective reference implementation and their npm packages if any. We are hoping uh that it will be useful for hackathon participants and any aspiring developers would like to create a project so this page will provide an information about what are the EIP’s available as standard and how they can follow their reference implementation like if if any other projects have done if any open source projects are already using that EIP probably get some inspiration from there. We would like it to be more Community driven. So, uh we, um, are inviting participation from Community to maybe help out create this page and eventually when a project is implementing in EIP and they would like to let the Ethereum Community know about the usage and are open to share the link of reference implementation they can add and showcase their project on this page. Um, so, as I was mentioning we are inviting participation so, um there is an open issue about front end developer for uh creating this page the sub domain that we are we just mentioned. If you are interested please respond to the issue. The issue number here is 357 on Ethereum Cat Herders PM Depot. Moving on um, on usage operations so we have been working on creating shots for people of course and you can find it on community playlist they are receiving good responses, they are shorter, they just precisely mention what we are trying to share with the our full video. So yeah, okay I do not see Santosh on the call as well so I do not have update on splitting videos thing I remember he mentioned that he is trying to split this Cat Herders meeting into smaller trunks and maybe create shorts out of that hopefully we'll get some updates in upcoming meeting but for now we are definitely trying to capture the market of YouTube shots uh by sharing PEEPanEIP shots. On ECH podcast as usual we are sharing the PEEPanEIP, um, Talk on Canada's podcast they are receiving good response and they have been rated highly on the technical podcasts available in the space. The next item here is EIP’s Insight taking a look at the website we have got one proposal in final status that is ERC# 5169 client script URI for token contracts. Congratulations to the authors. Um, we have received five proposals in draft out of this one is core and four ERC’s check out the entire list on their website. Next is a PEEPanEIP, um,  we have scheduled beep meetings for ERC#6220 composible nft tomorrow with the team remark we will be joined by Steven and Ian from the team. We should be expecting a lot more coming in upcoming weeks for Dencun upgrade. So, starting with expected changes in the a devnet upgrade like Dencun is deneb and Cancun so what are the changes we are expecting on the consensus layer client will be explained by, um, a consensus layer Dev who is also EIP editor Gajinder Singh on June 13th, followed by some other EIP’s which are expected in future. EIP number is 6110 Supply validated deposit on Chain by Mikhail kalanin and we should also be expecting a talk on the SELFDESTRUCT proposal which is considered for an inclusion for dencun upgrade which is a EIP#6780 SELFDESTRUCT only in the same transaction by Gian ballet. Check out the schedule of PEEPanEIP added in the uh link added to the agenda for more upcoming terms. Taking a look at the notes so it looks like we have received notes for all public meeting we have it for   All Core Dev Execution 162, All Core Dev consensus 110 EIPIP Meeting 81 and we also have added a recording to EIP editing office hour. That's all from item number three, okay.

# 4. Initiatve & associations

**Pooja**: Moving on to the next item new initiative and associations um we are hoping to support obviously the protocol development team and um supporting with providing technical assistance to this uh the vertical tree implementers, meeting to the EOF meeting and we are hoping to have support there is EPF Ethereum Protocol Fellowship as well. Um, as it will progress I hope to provide updates time to time. I have updated access on ECH discord and medium um trying to take a look at the Twitter. I will update accesses over there as well.  We are also planning to start like you know contributors to send weekly tweets or repost on  social media to increase reach. Um, as I mentioned earlier, I do not see Santosh on the call so I do not have much updates on that hopefully we'll get more in the next meeting. I don't know if anyone has any new idea for the community engagement like last week we invited a project to share about the project and how they can be helpful to Ethereum Community. So, I want to keep this option open for any project or  application listening to this call if they are interested to share about their project to maybe increase awareness. Please reach out to us on Cat Herders Discord and we'll try to include that on the agenda. Similarly, there is this ERC rough meeting ERC ref group has started a meeting called all ERC dev. Um, that is also a good place to talk about ERC and the project that you are working on. And the recording of these meetings all ERC  meeting can also be found on Ethereum Catheters YouTube. Yeah, anyone from the group would like to share anything new if you have any thoughts.  It's okay, if there isn't any yeah and we can always collect thoughts from the Discord Channel.

# 5.

**Pooja:** The last item for today is review of outstanding action items from the previous ECH meeting. I see action item section is not updated, however, this seems more like on updates side. So, I think we should be good but uh I would request users documenting node please add section for any open action item or at least the summary of the meeting that is very helpful for anyone following notes. That's all from the agenda listed here today. Anyone has anything new to share and discuss. All right, that kind of concludes our call today. Thank you for joining us. I hope to see you in two weeks. Have a good one everyone.
 
# Attendees
* Pooja Ranjan
* Herman (ariutokintumi.eth)

