# Ethereum cat herders meeting 91 notes 
# Meeting date/time: Aug 16, 14:00 UTC 
# Meeting duration: .5 Hours 
# Github [agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/309) 
# [Audio/video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI) 
# Moderator: Pooja Ranjan 
# Notes: Darkfire-rain

# Action items

# 1. Ethereum network upgrades

**Pooja:** [welcome](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=0) to ethereum cat herders meeting 91. uh the first item listed here is the ethereum network upgrade the merch um godley pratt emerge happened on august 11th and the one unexpected event that was noticed where two terminal blocks which were created at the time of transition and they created some chaos the participation rate dropped from 90 to 70 percent which was again below 66 percent a few node ended up having their own folks anyone interested may follow the issue tracker I have shared the link in the chat here next is sepolia post merge upgrade which is expected tomorrow so the sepolia test net which recently uh underwent the merge with the sepolia beacon chain now is undergoing a post merge execution layer upgrade at block number 1735371 this upgrade is expected tomorrow so the main function of this upgrade will be to cause eel clients on the network to disconnect from their peers which have not transitioned to proof of stake yet so sepolia node operators must upgrade their execution layer client prior to block number one seven three five three seven one we are expecting a similar upgrade with garlic and the ethereum main net one ethereum may net also transition to proof of a stake we could expect similar notification for godly network very soon the next important note on the upgrade side is mainnet bellatrix epoch and the ttd announcement so um bellatrix upgrade is proposed at epoch number 144896 and minute ttd is also released that is a tentative ttd probably there would be an override but with the current number it is expected to be around september 15th this will be confirmed on the acd meeting on 18th people can follow the blog post by ethereum foundation number is finalized number 36 written by danny ryan it contains some important dates I am going to share link here for people in the meeting and yeah it contains some important date for merge related announcements client release and the ebooks and tpd so please check it out all infrastructure provider and community members please upgrade your el ncl no to make it merge ready that's all on the network upgrade next is a ech initiative we have been talking about github backup and youtube backup we are joined by zk2 uh he has been working on this so yeah zk if you would like to share updates and progress where we are

**zkdoof:** [uh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=210) yeah so I have a very basic uh youtube web scraper right now that is going through and is downloading a bunch of youtube videos that we plan to back up um if you guys have more content that you'd like me to back up just let me know uh right now i'm going to the peep and eat archive and just downloading all of those videos it works best on playlists but it can handle you know almost anything and it's capturing a couple you know we're maybe close to 20 gigabytes at this point uh for the people nip archive which is really cool uh going through with bundler and pricing how much that's going to cost you know we're getting to the point where the average video is about 400 megabytes and that comes out to 0.2.3 r weave which translates to two to three polygon per video upload so still trying to figure out our estimate but I think puja the amount of money we had set aside in the beginning is probably sufficient for the peep and nip archive we may need to talk if we decide to expand that to more videos as well um so if if other people have ideas on what content you know should be updated or or backed up let me know on the github portion i'm producing a json file right now with all the urls that we plan to scrape and upload so you know if you have more issues or pieces that are in github that are not in a repo let me know so I can add those to the json file but yeah right now just automation and downloading and scraping um and the next step is to start uploading everything to our weave i have been talking with sudo from the lens tube team he's gotten the test net version of lens tube active for me again we're having a couple small issues with that just getting that working for our test but we should be able to you know do that pretty soon we also do have a lens nft now for the ethereum cat herders and i believe sudo is going to be trying to get us verified so we could have that as well so good stuff in in the backup world

**Pooja:** [thank](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=361) you so much for update zka if you could also start listing all those files those have been uploaded I don't know if that is already uh you know we can collect the list when we want to see which all have been uploaded if not then we can probably have a list created somewhere else and other than the peep and e video probably we would like to add some community video also back up I will share the list with you shortly

**zkdoof:** sure yeah what i'll do is i'll make a thread in the ech discord and i'll just put a list of everything I have right now that's been scraped and you know anything that you guys want to add you can throw in there as well nothing's been uploaded to rwev yet because I wanted to make sure I had all the content and you know we could determine what the estimate price would be and then we would go ahead and figure out the price for it and upload it

**Pooja:** [um](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=423) just one thing I wonder like the thread will be there uh like generally my understanding is it goes away if it is not used or discussed for a few number of days right uh yes potentially no probably in that case then we can create an a google sheet in which we uh have the list of all those files that have been created so it will be permanent and will be we will be able to refer it to people who are interested in knowing what all stuff we have packed up so far sounds good sorry jose I saw your hands read he wanted to add something

**Jose:** [well](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=476) basically was answer that it's gonna be a threat in the discord I would like to know exactly what is the rep of so I can i would like to take a look would be interesting Awesome

# 2. New initiatives

**Pooja:** thank you any more question or comment on easyh content backup cool uh the next sub item here is ech calendar so in the last meeting we shared that all the meetings organized by cat headers are now added to this calendar thanks to community contributor victor i have shared the link of issue in which we have listed all the meetings which are part of this calendar anyone interested to join all these community meetings may subscribe to the calendar the link is available on ech discord general it is in the pinned section so please check out and subscribe to that calendar we may want to have this calendar added to the ethereum cad herders website i will be uh working with one of the devs probably I have some updates on ech website website will share it then 


# 3. Events and hackathon

**Pooja:** Moving on the next item is events and hackathon um [Music] in the last meeting we discussed some idea of defcon session planned by anat from the fellowship of ethereum magician so anat I and tim had a meeting last week we generally had a tentative category of talks that we would like to have in it and currently they are in talk with the defcon team for the allocation of room for the requested number of hours uh an act feel free to add if I missed on anything or if you may have any further updates on it

**Annett:** [i](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=600) actually don't have much updates on this only that we are planning something together but actually we still haven't heard back from the development team as they um we proposed them a plan to house a full day um of schedule of like full day schedule of uh different sessions and they were like okay but we can probably just give you like three hours are similar but we are now trying to get more time and it's pretty much on defcon organizers right now like how much time they will all locate us but we were also thinking of grabbing one of the meeting rooms and turning it into like ip rooms where we will have a different like basically open schedule and anyone can propose their aip and they can like talk about it but we will see like how it goes i cannot really like i'm not sure if i'm allowed to like say something about it out loud because there is nothing confirmed yet so this is a very like dvd um topic and I don't have more information regarding to that as we discussed previously thank you for the update yeah thank you for the update

**Pooja:** [so](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=690) yeah if anyone has any other idea you can check out the hack md that is there where she has already documented some of her ideas if people have any other thought they would like to be added or included please feel free to share and we hope to provide further updates as we receive it from the devcon team moving on there are a few events that is uh coming up or ongoing as of now each seal that is oh it's you all is already finished i should have removed it from the calendar uh there is eat mexico coming up on august the 19th till 21 d5 security summit from august 27-28 check out the links available in the agenda good so looks like one of our members will be there at eat mexico anyone planning to join there feel free to catch up all right the next one is ech updates um the first one is regarding ech website so the website was out of order for very long time we have now tried to update this page to bring all relevant information up more than five issues that I have listed here has been addressed and we are hoping to add more content for merge now that merge is closed it's about a month or so for the main nets and for all testnet and other devnets we have information available we would like to create the merge page available on ethereum cad headers website as a center repository for all the information that is made public for people to learn so if you have any useful link that you would like to share with community please create an issue on ethereum cathedral's github and we would like to add it on the merge page that is there so for all these issues these have been addressed please check the website if you find any bug you would like to report please leave a comment there and the calendar that I was discussing probably would like to have that added on cathode's website as well it's just that we are currently trying to figure out how we can integrate the cat hurdles and protocol calendar together so both of them can be reflecting on the website moving on to ech engineering uh there are two sections one is for eip part another one is for learn to earn for eip bot do we have any new updates

**Jose:** [not](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=900) so fast we're working on the testing now that mika is not an editor and in the process to get used to me and him to try to get to keep keeping moving on

**Pooja:** awesome yeah I have seen a lot of pull requests being merged in order to make some changes to the present eap part so we hope that this will continue and we be able to address to more issues added in the eap bond github the next one is learn to earn I see two of the contributors here yeah i man and charge so I mean if you would like to go ahead and share updates from your end

**iman:** [hey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=947) everyone so um we had a meeting yesterday with pooja and george and we discussed a couple of um co-apps and and approaching their design um or we'd be suggested that um we we can share it here and then get a bit of a community feedback if that's okay with you guys yeah that sounds good in the second version which is on which is on google drive at the moment as well i'll share my screen in a second um these are based on ethereum um logo colors so let's start it from here everyone can see my screen yep beautiful all right so the first one which is quite it's going to be a quite rare po app is the lte 2022 for contributors we can extend it to anything ech related as well if you like and for this one I specifically chose the kitty with the laptop as well so kind of like a majority contributors are working with laptop on these projects every poem has two different versions have a look and see which one you like most so um one version is the color and the border and one but basically with a gray background and a colored border all these colors that you'll see are based on the ethereum logo color and um the other version of this is just a normal design with the color inside as a background so this is the pink purplish one um this is the red sort of color and like you can see that every power has has a different um extra bits to it that they're all from ech asset library as well so this is a red one um this is the green version of it and each color by the way it represents different category of of courses on lte and this is the blue one

**Pooja:** [cool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=1110) so as I men was mentioning that we have different categories of talks and courses available on l2e and uh the idea here is like what do you what do people like more like the border only colored and dressed all gray or like both colored so these are some samples feel free to share your feedback i can already see some feedback going on in the chat so I mean you may consider that and thanks thanks for the thanks for the support rory yeah and we have a channel on ethereum catalyst discord learn to earn uh please feel free to leave your comment if you are not in this meeting later on you can share your comment there and yeah that would be helpful Yeah 

**iman:** so just for the people that are going to review that again um this is based on um eth logo this is the blue with a border and a gray in inside next one is normal token with the blue inside all the design elements are stay the same the green one with the green inside red with red border and purple with a purple background and purple border and this one specifically which is the yellow color comes in yellow and gray background or white background with a black border around it this is this is only for contributions

**Pooja:** thank you thank you iman and cexa team for contributing to this project by ethereum cat herders a pleasure all right I believe a george may also have some update um he has shared some link george if you would like to maybe talk about the checklist that we have and where we are on the release of the app

**George** [uh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=1230) yeah so I shared a hackmd are just like the remaining things that need to be done in terms of the front end uh side and so uh pretty much we have like a quiz master and the main app so the quiz master is basically another way of just saying like an admin portal um so because of the cool designs that i man added and some of the feedback that he gave we're actually adding a few things like providing extra resources for people to you know read up more besides just uh watching the video and taking the quizzes so um we have the ui set for that however in terms of the quiz master we don't want to have that set up in our database so i'm including that into the quiz masters and then we could add that when we up when we create new courses and edit courses um and then also in terms of the actual main app that people will be interacting with uh the remaining things are essentially just uh cleaning up the code whereas if there's any pending bug fixes fix those one of the big things is essentially like pull up distribution and just some basic security aspects are you know are good enough for an mvp and then uh you know just refining the ui especially for the pull ups and like once we're done with that these are pretty pretty simple to do so once we're done with that it's pretty much like i think we can launch this within like the next week or two so i'm pretty excited about that

# 4. ECH updates
**Pooja:** [thank](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw0Q9UL3faI&t=1324) you for the update and i'm excited too I have been looking forward for this project to come live and see how community reacts and what else can be done to make a create awareness in community about what the ethereum debts are working on so thank you both of you for working on this product my pleasure all right now let's move on the next item here is the ech operations and uh it's about the ech podcast so yeah any updates on that uh yeah so we have an episode that's going to be going out today on teku I believe um and that's it we don't have any more recordings at the moment uh yeah I may have one more for you which i'm gonna send it your way today it is for the akula yeah I will send it your way cool in that case that will go out next week awesome moving on um eip's insight today is 16th in the month of august the eip repository has received one eip in finance status that is eip 712 typed structured data hashing and signing there are four actually five new eips there are five new eips added as draft and one eip has been brought back from stagnant status as draft two eips are promoted to review one from draft and one is back from stagnant status there is one eip five three one three light contract ownership that is promoted to last call with deadline that has completed yesterday on august 15. so author of eip 5313 please make a new pull request to move this proposal to final and if there are any comments and suggestion try to incorporate that with the pull request for moving it towards final for more eip information and how we are progressing please check out the eip's insight hackimd file added in the agenda the next one is peep and epo so we released a new episode in the know your client series for akula which is a rust client implementation of ethereum this is for an execution layer client node running uh we had a chat with our artem watanikov the lead developer of this client it is by the team of aragon and supposedly this is the fastest implementation of ethereum till date this client is not participating in the merged event however it is available for hobbyist and people interested to test as the execution client node running people can follow the upcoming meetings of p pene on the schedule link is added to the agenda on meeting notes we have received meeting notes for all core dev meeting 144 I believe for merge community call 6 is also now added to the repository and we are waiting on eip ip62 and consensus meeting 93 we want to follow up a bit the users working on that so we can expect these nodes so there are some other meetings happening in the ecosystem one is url uri meeting recording from the last meeting and notes in the working document have been added this is supposed to be the last meeting of that working group going forward the eip those were under discussion as a part of this url uri standard working group will be discussed in the wallet dev meeting um next positive meeting is planned on august 17th that is tomorrow i believe between 12 30 pm to 1 30 pm est and the information on joining this meeting is available on wallet depth discord if you do not have an invite for wallet depth discord feel free to reach to zikr um the next one is the again wallet them meeting so we have recording from the past meeting uh there are a couple of other meetings one is eip editors apprenticeship meeting number 23 the recording is added and there is a research-based bi-weekly call on going for kgz ceremony breakout room meeting so check out recording we do have a playlist for kzz ceremony meetings on ethereum cat herders youtube um i think that mostly covers most of the agenda item we have I do not see any review action item from the last meeting yeah that's pretty much it anyone on the meeting has anything to share add maybe for the next meeting yeah well in that case thank you so much for joining I hope the information shared today will be useful um we get to learn about new things that is coming up on our way and i'm also super excited for the merge and everything related to much to be shared with the community and looking forward to what ethereum developers have got to share with us thank you everyone for joining us today have a great rest of your day 

# Attendees list
* Ben 
* Pooja
* Iman
* Aneet
* George
* Zkdoof
* Jose
* Rory
* Fireflies
