# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 12 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tue, May 21, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 35 minutes
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/67)
### [Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/vAn9emJGgtk)

1. Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting Invites
1. Update on ProgPow Audit
1. Hard Fork Coordination Update
1. Ethereum 2.0 Update
1. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem
1. Funding
1. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure
1. Website Design
1. ECH Zoom Pro Account
1. Any Other Business
1. Review of outstanding action items from Meeting 11
1. Next Meeting

Moderator: Hudson Jameson

## MEETING DECISIONS
- DECISION 12.1: Keep the call semi-open and allow persons who show interest to join the call as required.

## MEETING ACTIONS
- ACTION 12.1: Hudson to propose action plan for ProgPoW hardfork delay (Not making Istanbul) in all core devs chat.
- ACTION 12.2: Continue to look into discrepency with Gitcoin Bounty amount. 

## 0. Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting Invites

Hudson: Should we introduce people to the call?

All: Yes if they ask to join the meeting. Keep it semi-open.

** **
**DECISION 12.1:** Keep the call semi-open and allow persons who show interest to join the call as required.
** ** 

## 1. Update on ProgPow Audit

Hudson: Logistical issues causing delays. Working through it. Some participants for the funding have some issues. 

Lane: Do we have a target for start and finish?

Hudson: Not at this point.

Tim: Single hardfork for ProgPoW is not appropriate. Cadence of smaller, shorter hardforks. Potential for a network split.

** **
**ACTION 12.1:** Hudson to propose action plan for ProgPoW hardfork delay (Not making Istanbul) in all core devs chat.
** **

## 2. Hard Fork Coordination Update

Tim: Pushing for a meeting in Seattle for the 1.x and Hardfork. 

## 3. Ethereum 2.0

Brett: Caught up with Danny Ryan. The Ethereum Cat Herders will start attending the Ethereum 2.0 calls and assist with Note Taking. As the opportunity arises out of these meetings will start to assist. 

## 4. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem

William: I am looking a couple of things.

Pooja: Also looking at a few things and have updated a template.

## 5. Funding

Lane: Bounty 15300 DAI roughly raised. Multisig has less than that. Gitcoin has shared a spreadsheet but can't explain the discrepancy. Have not

** **
**ACTION 12.2:** Continue to look into discrepency with Gitcoin Bounty. 
** **

## 6. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure

Charles: Couple of weeks ago Greg from Chainsafe introduced Charles to Terry from ETC Labs. Work on a Development Protal that could interop between ETH and ETC. The Consensys Dev Portal is not an overlap. Will continue to work with Nina and her partner to move this forward. This is moving a little slower than hope but we are hoping to ramp this up.

Lane: ETC Labs and ETC Cooperative. Terry represents ETC Labs. Based out of San Francisco. They want to support collaboration. Worth have a discussion with ETC Cat Herder going forward.

Hudson: There is an open opportunity but we will want to talk this through with everyone here.

Lane: Is there value that the Cat Herders can create for ETC - and is there potential for funding this.

## 7. Website Design

Hugo: Finally the Website has been updated. The links are now point to the github repo for the Instanbul EIPs. Simple changes like this are simple and straight forward. What do we really want to do with the Website? Do we want to keep it simply or build it up. We need to decide what the use of the website should be.

Pooja: The link is going to the wiki not the metaEIP for Istanbul.

Hugo: I did change this so will look at this.

## 7. Zoom Pro Account

Lane: Account 

Lane: Switch over to the Cat Herder Account. This account can be used if they want to. We can help setup meetings, record them etc. for the community.

# 8. Governance

Tim: Have posted the [link](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/1991) to the update the Championing Section of EIP1 in the All Core Devs Agenda. Have had some good feedback. Should be merged shortly.

## 9. Review Actions from Meeting 11

### Complete 
- ACTION 6.4: Joseph to post the updated communications checklist to the ECH internal gitter channel.
- ACTION 11.2: Open the Constantinople Post Mortem Action Items up to the community and let them know we are looking for assistance in completing them.
- ACTION 11.4: Update the website to remove redundant data for the last Ethereum Network upgrade and point to Istanbul link.
- ACTION 11.5: Create a website brainstorming document so that people can contribute to the ideas for the Ethereum Cat Herders website.
- ACTION 11.6: Procure a Zoom Pro Account for the Etheruem Cat Herders.
- ACTION 11.7: Look into creating a generic email account for the Ethereum Cat Herders Zoom Pro account.

### Outstanding 
- ACTION 9.1: Hudson to work with Charles on making a post about ProgPoW audit.
- ACTION 9.4: Multisig keyolders to work on seperating the funds.
- ACTION 11.1: Cat Herders to review the [document](https://github.com/poojaranjan/ECH-PM/blob/master/Constantinople%20Postmortem%20Report/EmergencyCommTemplate.md) created by Pooja.
- ACTION 11.3: Setup a call with the Ethereum Development Portal stakeholders.

## 10. Next Meeting: 4 June 2019 at 2pm UTC.

## ATTENDEES:

- Brett Robertson
- Charles St Louis
- Helena Flack
- Hudson Jameson
- Hugo Sanchez
- Joseph Delong
- Pooja Ranjan
- Tim Beiko
- William Schwab
