# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 32 Notes

### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday, 28 April 2020 14:00 UTC

### Meeting Duration:  1 hr

### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/119)

### [Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/iIG1rEIrmJg)

### Moderator: Hudson Jameson  

### Notes: Edson Ayllon

---

# **Summary:**

## Decisions Made:

Decision Item | Description
-|-
**32.1** | ECH website to also track EIPs as they progress in EFI.
**32.2** | Aggregate Medium articles describing EIPs for Berlin. As Berlin a | proaches, if there are missing articles, we create them.
**32.3** | ECH logo to be used for Consensus 2020.
**32.4** | The ECH website to be updated with balanced ProgPoW resources.



## Actions Required:

Action Item | Description
-|-
| **32.1**        | Move EIP 2515 to 'other proposed EIPs', and none of the EIPs to go in 'Tentatively Accepted EIPs' for now (until the next ACD call) |
| **32.2**        | Tim to come up with a write-up on EIP2046 over the weekend   |
| **32.3**        | Pooja to come up with a draft for Postmortem report for Berlin upgrade |
| **32.5**        | Hudson and Edson to reach out to EIP editors for the survey  |
| **32.6**        | Pooja and Hudson to work on the bounty for Eth 2.0 note-making. To follow up with Danny on the one-time payout and tracking with Danny. |
| **32.7**        | Hudson to move DAI to his public wallet. Tim to approve the transaction. (this week) |
| **32.8**       | Hudson and Edson to work together on taking down the scam streamings of EF |
| **32.9**       | Hudson to create an account (name: Ethereum) on twitch for streaming events and community calls |
**32.10** | Pooja to reach out to James to keep the status of EIPs in the ECH website accurate and current.
**32.11** | Aggregate Medium articles describing EIPs schedule for Berlin.
**32.12** | Sachin to ask Scott Moore about Eth2.0 notes funding.
**32.13** | Vote on which banner to add for the Ethereum Stack Exchange by Monday.
**32.14** | The ECH website to be updated with balanced ProgPoW resources.
**32.15** | Decide which version of Gnosis Safe to use.
**32.16** | Finalize decision on adding Pooja to the Multisig.

---

# Contents
  
- [1. Berlin upgrade](#1-berlin-upgrade)   
- [2. ECH Substack mailing list](#2-ech-substack-mailing-list)   
- [3. EIP Improvement Process meeting](#3-eip-improvement-process-meeting)     
- [4. Events & conferences - Consensus 2020](#4-events-conferences-consensus-2020)    
- [5. Cat Herders funding through Ecosystem Support Program & Moloch DAO](#5-cat-herders-funding-through-ecosystem-support-program-moloch-dao)   
- [6. Eth 2.0 notes bounty](#6-eth-20-notes-bounty)     
- [7. Community Promotion at Ethereum Stack Exchange](#7-community-promotion-at-ethereum-stack-exchange)   
- [8. ProgPOW](#8-progpow)   
- [9. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs](#9-discuss-and-close-the-ech-github-issuesprs)   


---

# 1. Berlin upgrade

Video | [0:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIG1rEIrmJg)
-|-

## 1.1 PR to Berlin Meta

PR is already in the EIPs repo. Awaiting review. It may be better to have Axic review the PR. Hudson and Greg also have push access.

The idea is the ECH would update the Meta EIP each time.

## 1.2 ECH Website

There is a section on the ECH website showing EIPs for Berlin, which was recently added. The speed to update the ECH website is faster than updating the hardfork meta.

**Pooja**:
I also wanted to add the status of EIPs. I can add a table to the website.

**Hudson**:
Great. Work with James on that. He's the best person to ask.


## 1.3 EIPs curation/summary

This topic is about releasing information on EIPs of interest in a less technical format for the community.

**Pooja**:
We were considering rewriting EIPs, but that didn't seem helpful. Now we are considering curating a list of technical EIPs.

**Tim**:
It may be best to aggregate Medium articles on each EIP. And as the hardfork release date approaches, if none appear for any, we make those articles.

## Decisions

- **32.1**—ECH website to also track EIPs as they progress in EFI.

- **32.2**—Aggregate Medium articles describing EIPs for Berlin. As Berlin approaches, if there are missing articles, we create them.

## Actions

- **32.10**—Pooja to reach out to James to keep the status of EIPs in the ECH website accurate and current.

- **32.11**—Aggregate Medium articles describing EIPs schedule for Berlin.

# 2. ECH Substack mailing list

Video | [5:23](https://youtu.be/iIG1rEIrmJg?t=323)
-|-

The proposal from Sachin and Angela is to collect the action items from each meeting and a short paragraph summary to send out to parties who are interested in keeping up but may not be too technical, through a Substack mailing list. The platform does not cost money for us to use.

**William**:
What's the onboarding for the mailing list?

**Sachin**:
The onboarding would be advertising in forums, tweets, and Telegram. We would target communities who would value this. No formal process yet.

**Pooja**:
We can use ECH media sources, newsletters, Twitter, etc.

**William**:
Sounds great.

# 3. EIP Improvement Process meeting

Video | [9:54](https://youtu.be/iIG1rEIrmJg?t=594)
-|-

## 3.1 EIP Procedure Survey update

No major updates since the previous meeting. Most responses have been from EIP editors, authors, and core developers. We still need more responses from EIP authors.

## 3.2 Blogs

[A blog on the introduction of EIPIP was released](https://medium.com/ethereum-cat-herders/eip-improvement-process-for-continual-progression-in-ethereum-69825b54bfea). The survey is included in there again.

An article summarizing the results of the EIP survey should be released next Monday.

# 4. Events & conferences - Consensus 2020

Video | [11:25](https://youtu.be/iIG1rEIrmJg?t=685)
-|-

The list of 6-7 projects now has a new time limitation. Before it was 3 hours, now it's looking to be 2 hours. All presentations are still included, but now we have to decide which project receives what time allocation.

Another topic is considering which logo to use, Ethereum, or ECH. If we use the Ethereum Foundation logo, there may be some legal issues. We decided to use the ECH logo.

## Decisions

- **32.3**—ECH logo to be used for Consensus 2020.

## Actions

Decide a new time allocation for projects in Consensus 2020.

# 5. Cat Herders funding through Ecosystem Support Program & Moloch DAO

Video | [14:47](https://youtu.be/iIG1rEIrmJg?t=887)
-|-

We have a new meeting today with the Ecosystem Support Program (ESP) team. We have sent documentation including our Q1-Q2 plans. We may reuse part of those documents for a Moloch DAO application.

# 6. Eth 2.0 notes bounty

Video | [15:50](https://youtu.be/iIG1rEIrmJg?t=950)
-|-

Pooja tried connecting with Danny Ryan.

**Pooja**: This item has been due since January. Should the ECH consider funding this instead?

**Hudson**: We shouldn't give our money away unless we'll get reimbursed.

**Pooja**: If they have funds, we can request to manage it, if the problem is management. If they don't have funds, we can maybe apply funds from the ESP and Moloch DAO, which we can update our application to them with.

**Hudson**: Remind me this week and I'll also reach out to Danny.

**Sachin**: I'm meeting with Scott Moore today, who puts out the funding. I can ask him.

**Pooja**: Scott said he hasn't received a funding request from the Eth2.0 team.

**Hudson**: You may ask Scott if they already have the funds, or if the Eth2.0 team holds the funding.

**Pooja**: [There may be a PR with Brent](https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-pm/issues/136), where Danny is checking with Scott. So it may be under Scott.

**Sachin**: I'll bring this up.


## Actions

- **32.12**—Sachin to ask Scott Moore about Eth2.0 notes funding.

# 7. Community Promotion at Ethereum Stack Exchange

Video | [19:36](https://youtu.be/iIG1rEIrmJg?t=1176)
-|-

The Ethereum stack exchange has a place to showcase communities. Edson has made a few candidates for the banner. [A vote is needed on which banner to use](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rlA3LlDnDIX6RiX6PgLkzqq2Lmem_njoQYa7KQCA2Lc/edit?usp=sharing). After a banner is posted, we would need around 5 upvotes for it to be displayed.  

## Actions

- **32.13**—Vote on which banner to add for the Ethereum Stack Exchange by Monday.

# 8. ProgPOW

Video | [22:35](https://youtu.be/iIG1rEIrmJg?t=1355)
-|-

There was a mistake with the previous notes stating ProgPoW had been scheduled. Those are being corrected in a pull request. But there's no decision on moving forward with ProgPoW.

**Greg**: The meetings go back far a way. The decisions in the notes are concise and look official. To me, the decision to move forward with ProgPoW hasn't changed. But to others, to them, it appeared as if the decision to not move forward has been made.

It appears the community doesn't have a clear notion of what's going on with ProgPoW. Currently, it's still up for debate, but can't be there for much longer as many ASICs already exist on the network, and the capacity to work on it is running low.

I need help in surfacing concerns from the community so people can feel their concerns have been legitimately surfaced. We don't have a governance structure to legitimize votes, and the vote of experts wouldn't be weighed as highly. The Core Devs responsibility is to secure the Ethereum network, so we need arguments we can objectively judge.

On Twitter and elsewhere, I see scattered debates and opinions with no backing arguments. It's difficult to make an argument in Twitter's character limit.

Can the ECH collect views and major arguments from all major camps? As well as helping release announcements on the state of development?

I plan on scheduling a date to make a final decision with the Core Devs for a month from now, to allow the community a month to give their final arguments before a final decision is made.

**William**: Regardless of how much we restate the position of a camp, if their position isn't chosen, no matter what we do, they'll feel as if their position wasn't listened to.

**Tim Beiko**: The last ProgPoW call was a discussion to have the community be heard. ProgPoW, as it stands, does not have unanimous support. If it's shipped, there's a likelihood of a network split. Both sides do not want a network split.

What we can do is go through that call, and summarize the points from the against the camp and meet those halfway.

**Greg**: I found that call inconclusive due to Ameen's comments.

**Hudson**: At the end of that call, the current champion at the time proposed re-releasing EIP-1057 under a new name and designation.

**Tim**: Aside from Ameen, there was some openness to move something like this forward, but in a new form.

**Greg**: We had a discussion with the Champions after that call. Starting the whole process over after 2 years is just another delaying tactic when there's no longer time to delay. No Champion is willing to write a new one, and there are no tweaks to accomplish the goal. EIP-1057 is the tweak.

**William**: What's the time loss to submitting a new EIP?

**Greg**: In my experience, 2 years. For 1057, we have a list of clients with the implementation ready to keep track of, all the mining pools and exchanges are onboard and ready with the version just before the kickfix. It's done, it's tested, everyone's ready. We don't have another proposal for how to stop ASICs on the network.

**William**: It may take less than 2 years since the EIP has been fleshed out already.

**Greg**: We don't have another technical proposal ready, tested, on testnets, ready to go. That's months of work.

**Hudson**: Ok. So what you're looking from the ECH is an announcement platform, considering a final decision will be made in a month?

**Greg**: Yes. Signaling platforms are much more useful after a decision has been made.

**Hudson**: Have you looked at [Kialo](https://www.kialo.com/ethereum-and-programmatic-proof-of-work-progpow-30878)?

**Greg**: A little bit. I don't have strong opinions on those.

**Hudson**: You were stating there are no concise places for the pros and cons of each side. I'd argue Kialo is one of those places, as well as my blog post on the subject.

**Pooja**: If it's appropriate, we can curate all those sources on the ECH website. [I've already curated it, but haven't placed it in the ECH website](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DA69jNqli7a4g_hEih52xpA5SrhvR-CC81lXnG9lhxQ/edit#). It certainly can't be a voting platform, just a source of information.

**William**: That would be great to put out.

**Greg**: Curated information like that is great. And getting the word out on the curated information, as well as guiding people on where to discuss, namely the Ethereum Magicians Forum.

**Pooja**: [Here is a thread for discussion](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/on-the-progpow-audit/2594). If we want to continue the discussion, we can promote this thread.

**Hudson**: We can promote that thread. What I don't want is the ECH to be associated with either side of the issue. We already are close to that by bringing it up.

**Greg**: A curation of things. Listen to the ACD if interested, I'll be proposing a final date for a final decision.

I've seen controversy if the ACD should make decisions.

**Hudson**: I've seen more discussion on how they should be interpreted.

**Greg**: You make statements in the English language.

**Hudson**: We'll try to put as many balanced resources before Friday. Is that the main request?

**Greg**: For Friday, also just listen in.

**Hudson**: Have you read my blog on ProgPoW?

**Greg**: It's a great blog but it ended in a personal opinion. But it's a great way to link out to sides who hold each position.

Any way the ECH can help is useful. I understand the ECH desire to remain neutral. I think you have a reputation of neutral gatherers of information.

I'd like to see a thread for the Magicians forum for the EIP. Even pointing there. Make your arguments there. Put a link to your Medium article or essay.

**Pooja**: The resources on the ECH website should be live in 24 hours, and Twitter as well, linking to Ethereum's Magician's forum where discussion is already ongoing.

## Decisions

- **32.4**—The ECH website to be updated with balanced ProgPoW resources.

## Actions

- **32.14**—The ECH website to be updated with balanced ProgPoW resources.


# 9. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs

Video | [52:33](https://youtu.be/iIG1rEIrmJg?t=3153)
-|-

The SAI was converted to DAI and USDC. We lost from 100-200 DAI worth of money from the conversion.

**Hudson**: Should we upgrade to the new version of Gnosis? Someone had commented they didn't like the interface. I'd like to create it and try it. We can then decide if we want to keep the old one or use the new one. I'd also like the add Pooja to the multisig.

**Pooja**: 3-5 would help, right?

**Hudson**: I agree. I'll post again in the chat, to see if there are any dissenting opinions. But for now, when we choose to move to the new Safe or keep the old Safe, we'll add Pooja.

That's all we have time for. If anything was missed, we'll talk about it in the chat. I'll see everyone in 2 weeks.

## Actions

- **32.15**—Decide which version of Gnosis Safe to use.
- **32.16**—Finalize decision on adding Pooja to the Multisig.

---

# Annex

## Attendees

- Angela Gilhotra
- Brent Allsop
- Edson Ayllon
- Greg Colvin
- Hudson Jameson
- Pooja Ranjan
- Sachin Mittal
- Tim Beiko
- William Schwab

## Next Meeting Date

 May 12, 2020, 14:00 UTC.
