# Ethereum Cat Herders meeting #56 Notes
## Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday 13 April at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 1 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/169)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2u-jquk0hSQ&ab_channel=EthereumCatHerders)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Shane Lightowler

----
## DECISION ITEMS

**DECISION 56.1**: Group consensus was in favor of having sections on company/role within the ECH website team page, but leaving it up to individuals to populate optionally. [5:54](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=354)

**DECICION 56.2**: Notetakers to update readme pages for meeting when posting notes. [32:29](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=1949)



## ACTION ITEMS

**ACTION 56.1**: Pooja to chat to William offline re: working group for General Intermediate Representation initiative[13:58](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=838)

**ACTION 56.2**: William to chat offline with Edson re: gas/rewards for ECH funds on ECH discord [37:27](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=2247)

----

# 1. Progress on the ECH Website

**Pooja** 

* Progress meeting was held last week with Michael (Unvetica). Progress looks good so far.


**Michael**

* Link to site is on github. [http://ethereumcatherders.site/](http://ethereumcatherders.site/)
* 96% done, small changes ready to publish.
* Known issue with site mobile responsiveness / different screen sizes.
* A few copy details and links still to add. Eg Network upgrade section and ECH youtube.
* Aiming to have these addressed today. Looking to push live tomorrow.

**Pooja**

* Is it easy to publish tomorrow once issues resolved?

**Michael**

* Just got to resolve the responsiveness issues, testing different screen sizes and devices.

**Pooja**

* Have shared a link to a sheet where we are collating contact details for ECH members/contributers, profile link and headshot. Are we ok with having a company details and role section? Will this add value to provide diversity?

**ECH members**

All in favor of this.

**DECISION 51.1**: Group consensus in favor of having sections on company/role within the ECH website team page, but leaving it up to individuals to populate optionally. [5:54](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=354)

**Shane**

* What's the difference between member and contributer within the team section?

**Pooja**

* ECH is over 2 years old. Members should have been contributing for more than 6 months, or contributing heavily.
* We are hoping to stream the upcoming Berlin community call via the website so hope it goes live before that.
* Thanks to Michael and Shane for working on the website.




# 2. Working group for General Intermediate Representation
[8:53](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=533) 

**Pooja**

* There is [a link](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/167#issuecomment-813403431) via William in the agenda on this. Over to William for more context.

**William**

* Was speaking to a dev about this... solidity - it gets compiled down to an intermediate language/representation (IR). Similar to non-blockchain concept of LLVM. This is a multi-coporation standard that allows lots of people to build higher level abstractions on top of that. We have a need for this in the blockchain space.
* There are a number of different langauages, blockchains, and structures that are not purely EVM structures. We could use a streamlined middle layer to handle the languages on top of that from one end and then connecting them to infrastructure/blockchains on the other end.
* Am interested in proposing to the ECH perhaps championing something like this.
* The first step is a working group. Once established the group will require someone to host/coordinate the meetings, take notes and some level of ops.
* Could this be an ECH initiative to take forward? 
* William is happy to spearhead the effort.

**Pooja**

* Think ECH being involved in more initiatives is good.

**William**

* Any objections to doing so, on the call?

**ECH members**

No objections.

**William**

* Great! Assuming a working group can be established can we get the meeting added to the notes roster alongside notes for the other tech efforts? It has benefits across the ecosystem.

**Pooja**

* Personally I think this is good. More context needed though. Will chat to william async.
* Any other opinions?

**ECH members**

None offered.

**ACTION 51.1**: Pooja to chat to William offline re: working group for General Intermediate Representation initiative[13:58](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=838)

# 3. Events & Community Call

[14:21](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=861)

## Berlin upgrade community call

**Pooja**

* Planning a community call for Berlin hard fork countdown/launch. See [Medium post](https://medium.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ethereum-berlin-upgrade-countdown-community-call-ffa51239c148) for details.
* Starts an hour before the launch block number.
* Will be posted in the ECH discord.
* Should be a fun call.
* Tim Beiko to share screen during call. EIP authors invited. Should be good Q&A.

## EIP-3074 community call on April 26.

**Pooja**

* The authors are working hard on community outreach but request that ECH organise a community call on this EIP to answer any unanswred questions. 
* The proposal is on testnet. An EF security audit is being planned.
* Pooja has created a draft announcement. Will be published soon. Contains a list of resources for the proposal.
* Call planned to happen on 26 April.

## Coindesk's Consensus 2021

**Pooja**

* Ethereum speakers to attend talking about the protocol and various proposals on May 25th. Includes execution and consensus layer material as well as roadmap/Eth2, scaling defi (Nick Johnson). Big list of speakers. Superphiz and Michael are speaking on starting staking and becoming an eth2 validator.
* Will publish a blog on speakers and topics, and what we can expect in the talks. Potentially next week for the blog post.

# 4. ECH funding and fund management

[20.38](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=1239)

## Funding via ESP

**Pooja**

* Unfortunately Hudson is not on the call today.
* There has been some interest from ESP to fund Cat Herders activity.
* Will wait for Hudson to update.

## Future funding from Moloch via Moloch Guild

**Pooja**

* No further updates on this. We haven't applied for further grants but will look to soon.

## Discuss using a yield-bearing instrument, either Aave or Compound, to hold fundings

**William**

* Am no longer so negative about the concept. Defi seems to have matured/become more battle tested. Losing funds due to contract risks/hacks seems to have abated somewhat. Am more neutral on the concept. Wouldn't block this is others were strongly in favor. Still have some concerns, however. Our priotity should be ECH, not yield.

**Edson**

* We need to consider how much we would deposit due to gas fees. We need to deposit enough to gain interest but not so much so as to not be able to pay people.

**William**

* If people being paid out dont mind being paid in interest bearing tokens (eg yDAI) then this seems ok.

**Edson**

* Yes, would be willing to accept USDC as an example of that.

**Pedro**

* Also in favor of receiving USDC.

**Pooja**

* Not sure about putting this fund into defi, but would not not block the idea if others felt strongly.

**William**

* Can someone here do the calculations for return vs gas cost? How much would we need to deposit to make this worth it?

**Edson**

* Yes, I'll take a look. Someone send me the multisig address.

**Brent**

* We should do a risk assessment on this before proceeding.

**William**

* Not sure how to do that. Who can do that?

**Brent**

* Eth2 staking has slashing risks...

**William**

* Not a relevant risk here as we won't be doing eth2.
* Let's take this away to research and reconvene next meeting.

**ECH group**

Agreed. Pooja to bring up in next meeting.

# 5. Meeting Notes

[31.17](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=1877)

**Pooja**

* Thanks to all the notetakers. Recent ones all done on time.
* Anyone would like to give a summary of theirs?

**Shane**

* Merge call notes were fun to do, if technical.
* Took longer to do due to not being able to see names on video recording.
* Lots of useful tech discussion on the call reviewing Merge high level design doc.

**Tim**

* Request to notetakers to ensure they update the readme pages in addition to notes. Eg call number, link to notes and agenda.

**William**

* Which doc do you mean?

**Tim**

* See the readme doc in most repos...

**ECH group**

Most did not know about this page, but now do!

**DECICION 56.2**: Notetakers to update readme pages for meeting when posting notes. [32:29](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=1949)

**Brent**

* Has been tidying up these readme's up in retrospect.

**Pooja**

* Mentioned the screenshare issue to Mikhail. Was also an issue on another call. Hopefully will be not an issue going forward.
* Pedro assigned to next Merge call #2 this week coming up.

**Pedro**

* Ok.

**Pooja**

* Anybody else who might be interested in documenting the merge notes, let me know.

**Edson**

* I have an update on gas/rewards for funds calculation.
* If we were to deposit all of our DAI, it would pay itself off in two months.
* USCD would pay itself off in 6 months.
* Gas cost was around $100.
* APY is close to 7% right now.

**ACTION 56.2**: William to chat offline with Edson re: gas/rewards for ECH funds on ECH discord [37:27](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=2247)

**Pooja**

* Any other remarks on meeting notes?

**Pedro**

* Last EIPIP meeting #30... 3 outcomes.
* EIP and ERC github repos to be split, numbers to be offset. Alita to take this on.
* Location of JSON RPC spec to be in ETH1 specs repo.
* EIP process - agreement to remove testing green light box that wasnt doing anything.
* Question re: note taking assignments...
* Has the current schedule always been like this? Would prefer to take notes for a call consistently as this would help with understanding the material and better continuity.

**Brent**

* Am also in favour of that notion, as can't volunteer for the technical calls.

**Pooja**

* The schedule has been the way it is since forever - ECH group decides however.
* We try to assign so that people dont repeat the same meeting twice in a row.
* We also try to listen to peoples preferences eg if they would prefer non-technical calls or vice versa.
* The meetings have different payouts so am trying to be fair and split the meetings across different contributers.
* Open to suggestions though.

**Pedro**

* Understand the rationale. Think that's fair.
* Could I put a proposal to the group to take over one meeting, however?
* (this is more curiosity, not a strong preference)

**Pooja**

* To be fair to the others, would be happy to schedule you to one particular meeting, but not every single week. Alternating might be ok.

**Alita**

* All Core Devs - geological faults will be used for testnet names.
* EIP-3074 is postponed for security and outreach reasons.
* BLS pre-compile - core devs appear to want to do the pre-compile as well as EVM based approach. This is like doing BLS curve but on EVM via arithemtic optimisations which enable that. There is a 2-3x performance decrease.
* Reminder to update nodes ahead of Berlin.
* Tim upload 1559 spec changes to eth1 repo.

**Pooja**

* Reminder to all to upgrade nodes ahead of Berlin!

#6. Peep an EIP

[46.55](https://youtu.be/2u-jquk0hSQ?t=2815) 

**Pooja**

* Have done two of these in the past fortnight including:

[EIP-2124: Fork identifier for chain compatibility checks with Felix Lange](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Yg-MX0ubJQ&feature=youtu.be&ab_channel=EthereumCatHerders)

* This helps with the discoverability of nodes.
* Proposes a new identity scheme to summarise the chain's current status.

[EIP-3198: Base Fee Opcode with Rai](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQ3NHtEaCLk&ab_channel=EthereumCatHerders) 

* Adds an opcode that gives the EVM access to a blocks base fee.
* On Aleut testnet for London with 1559.
* Video out later today.
* Please see the ECH youtube [Peep an EIP playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F) to watch all upcoming Berlin and London proposals.
* In the next few weeks we will have a discussion with Afri re: difficulty bomb.
* Also speaking to the authors of the refund proposal. Perhaps next week.
* Request to the group... these resources are really useful for those new to Ethereum or for those looking to understand which proposals are being included. Please feel free to share links.

The group notes Fireflies.ai note bot that has appeared in the articipants list.

# 7. PM section - discuss and close ECH github issues/PRs

**Pooja**

* Website issue should be closed soon.
* Lots of open issues on funding, but some have already been funded. Please can members check if they have recieved funds on open issues and close the issue.

# 8. Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings

**Pooja**

* Shane to provide website text, Pooja to provide teams info for new website. SHEET CREATED. Looking to complete soon. Reminder to contributers to add themselves to the sheet to get added to the website.
* Pooja to publish Berlin annoucnement blogs. COMPLETE.
* Thanks all!


# Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* Brent Allsop
* William Schwab
* Shane Lightowler
* Alita Moore
* Michael Geissen / Unvetica
* Edson Ayllon
* Tim Beiko
* Pedro Rivera

# Date for the next meeting - April 27, 2021 at 15:00 UTC

