# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting # 95
### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday 11 October 2022 at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 31:05
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/320)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkc0dhC-J-g)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Metago
---
## ACTION ITEMS / COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION

1. Tim Beiko has started a [Fellowship of Ethereum magician thread](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/shanghai-core-eip-consideration/10777) to invite participation for more EIPs, core EIPs of course, for the consideration of EIPs, so people may follow this thread to leave their comment, feedback with respect to the EIPs or the proposals which are being considered for the Shanghai upgrade. 

2. We at Ethereum Cat Herders have also created a page for Shanghai at [ECH website](https://www.ethereumcatherders.com/shanghai_upgrade/index.htm). If you have comments or suggestions, please feel free to create an issue / pull request on ECH GitHub. 

3. Pooja is in conversations with ETHIndia organizing team and hopes to share updates about it.

4. ECH is in the process of testing with Huddle 01 to have a future meeting on it's platform. 

5. Please subscribe to Ethereum Cat Herders’ YouTube to get notification and be able to follow what's going on in the ecosystem.  

6. Metago will create a thread for EIP Bot discussion in the EIP editor's channel. 

7. If you are interested in documenting Learn2Earn app quizzes, please feel free to reach out to us and we have added a feedback form for you in the app itself and you can also find the link in the blog post that we would be sharing later today, where we hope to collect your initial feedback about the app, also if you are interested in learning about a particular protocol EIP or something, do let us know and we hope to have quizzes built around that. 

8. If you want to contribute to theLearn2Earn, just message George Harvey or Pooja in Discord and we'll love to have more contributors especially more developers.

9. We are looking for more people to document meeting notes, especially for core dev and consensus layer meeting. We are in short of people to document notes. We have bounties for the notes. Join us.  

---

# Agenda

## 1. Ethereum Network Upgrades: [Shanghai](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/master/network-upgrades/mainnet-upgrades/shanghai.md) & [Capella](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/tree/dev/specs/capella), [Shanghai page at ECH website](https://www.ethereumcatherders.com/shanghai_upgrade/index.html)

**Pooja**[00:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkc0dhC-J-g)

I'm sharing agenda in chat here, welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders meeting 95. The first item listed here is Ethereum Network upgrade. So as we know, the next planned upgrade after the merge is Shanghai. So Shanghai is the name that is given on the execution layer, execution side of the chain, and on the consensus side we have Capella. So I have added the specs to both site development so people following, people running nodes, El and CL nodes, may expect client updates on respective layer to be updated for their nodes. 

We at Ethereum Cat Herders have also created a page for Shanghai at ECH website. I would probably like to share it with the group, so we have tried to add all the EIPs which are currently listed for inclusion based on the All Core Developers meeting. We do expect some changes in this list. Tim Beiko has started a Fellowship of Ethereum magician thread to invite participation for more EIPs, core EIPs of course, for the consideration of EIPs, so people may follow this thread to leave their comment, feedback with respect to the EIPs or the proposals which are being considered for the Shanghai upgrade. 

I would be happy to hear more feedback how we can update this page, how we can make this page as a place for Ethereum Community to follow along, with the Shanghai upgrade. We do came across one checklist that was recently prepared so we have created a issue to have that thing added, but other than that if people have thoughts and suggestion around how we can have this page updated, please feel free to create an issue on ECH GitHub.

## 2. Events & hackathon: [Devcon Oct 11-14, 2022](https://devcon.org/), [ETHIndia Dec 2nd - 4th, 2022](https://ethindia.co/)

**Pooja**[02:32](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=151)

The next item listed here is Events and Hackathon. Devcon has started, today is the day one, people may follow Devcon events on Deva the unicorn on Twitter, they are sharing what's going on. However there is this website added to the agenda here. I have added the link here. People can follow to participate in different talks there if those are being streamed. We are expecting another event to ETHIndia. I'm hoping to somehow be able to contribute in organizing. I'm in conversation with the team. I hope to keep posting data on the progress of it. 

## 3. New initiative/association: Decentralized meeting - Huddle01

**Pooja** [03:24](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=204)

The next item listed here is New Initiative. In the last meeting we had a team of Huddle. They shared their app, a decentralized app for organizing meeting. It is a web 3 version of Zoom. The team has shared a lot of  documentation and they also have created a domain specific for ECH, so we can organize meetings as per our requirement, though we haven't got a chance to go through it completely, we are in the process of testing it. Hopefully, in future, we will try to organize one or more meetings using Huddle, to maybe give it a community support to this new web3 project. Any question comments so far? 

## 4. ECH updates [04:23](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=263)

### ECH Stats.

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/EthCatHerders) - 6469 Followers
[Discord](https://discord.io/EthCatHerders) - Over 1.25k users
[YouTube](https://studio.youtube.com/channel/UCD9iiIwTRtLDYcEWONs2Q3A) - Over 2.7k subscribers
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ethereum-cat-herders/) - 247 Followers

All right moving ahead with ECH updates. Thank you yeah, I hope that we be able to support new projects which are coming up in web3 and especially when they are here to you know, by some of the contributors from Ethereum cat herders, so yeah that is really nice to have. Moving ahead next is ECH updates. We have been sharing ECH’s stats from past few meetings. I have added the numbers of followers on Twitter, Discord, Youtube and Linkedin. Happy to share that we are increasing but not the way we would have expected. Our YouTube is full of content, good content that people can make good use of that. We do have meetings from process improvement, from Cat Herders, and also we share recording of meetings which are coming from the researchers, Ethereum Foundation researchers, so we do have KZG meetings and we do have office hours as well. So please subscribe to Ethereum Cat Herders’ YouTube to get notification and be able to follow what's going on in the ecosystem. 

### [ECH website](https://www.ethereumcatherders.com/) [05:48](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=350)

[Pull Request](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ech-website-v2/pulls)
   [Fixes ech-website-v2#73](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ech-website-v2/pull/73)
   [Shanghai Page Creation ech-website-v2#71](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ech-website-v2/pull/71)
   
 [Issues](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ech-website-v2/issues)
 
 The next item here is ECH website. So in the past two weeks we have addressed about six issues here. I think only one or two were major and rest of them were minor issues. We received two pull request and we tried to close the all those issues. It included the latest information about the merge upgrade. We do have a card added on Ethereum cat headers website and we do have updated the blogs over there. As I shared earlier we have Shanghai upgrade page, and a community contributor shared a list of broken links on our website. Thank you for sharing that link and we hope that all those links are fixed with this new PR for fixes. If anyone wants to add any resources to Ethereum Cat Herder’s website, please feel free to create a issue on our GitHub repository and we hope to have that added or you can also create a pull request if you have linked there. That's all on website. 
 
 ### [ECH Engineering](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/266)[07:09](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=429): 

#### [EIP bot](https://github.com/ethereum/EIP-Bot/issues) & [EIPV](https://github.com/ethereum/eipv/issues)

**Pooja** [07:09](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=429)
On ECH engineering, in the EIPIP meeting, we discussed the issue of miscommunication, probably I think we were missing on the right approach how to deal with the an issue when two people are working on it, however it was mentioned in the meeting that we can probably keep updating each other on the issue itself like if anyone is working on it they can leave a comment that I am working on it and what is the progress can be provided there so other people interested to follow that, may be able to do it. We are joined by George today to maybe talk about Learn2Earn program. As I mentioned in the last meeting we are very close to release it so I would pass it on to…

**Metago** [08:01](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=481)
Sorry. 

**Pooja**
Yes, please. 

**Metago**
I wanted to talk about the EIP Bot and I talked a bit to you on Discord and you said there's some resources that explains the EIP Bot and the automation process and I wanted to ask the other ECH members as well, if others are interested and I was thinking of, if they, I think the last meeting of people talked about having an informational platform where everybody, so all the resources related to EIP possibly maybe on that channel or updates to be given on that channel so everybody knows, is on the same page and I was wondering if we could use that informational platform or dedicated Discord Channel or maybe on GitHub I I'm not very sure about which better place, to have it but to just have an explanation of what the automation process is now that the merge has happened, then we have some changes happening so I was just interested in having a more detailed explanation of the EIP Bots issue. 

**Pooja** [09:45](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=585)
I can share the information that is currently available with us so for EIP bot as of now we are using two different parts one is EIP bot and another one is EIPW. EIPW is basically written by Sam Wilson and it can be found on GitHub repository. It's Ethereum/eipw and EIP bot is Ethereum/eipbot, so EIPW basically validates the initial check when there is a proposal or a pull request added to EIP repository. 

However we keep trying to improve additional jobs of EIP editors with the help of EIP bot. We have a handful of open issues there where we are discussing what can be improved and how we can automate the process more, even more over there. For example we are discussing about automating the process of providing EIP number to a proposal. So the current process is region and author sorry an editor generally provides a number which is there with respect to the pull request but we are trying to automate this process and may be able to done with help of Bot so we avoid any kind of conflict. 

The bot may be able to distinguish between if there was squatting or anything done in order to grab a good number kind of thing and there would be a process in place to automate it. So that are the kind of thing that we are trying to answer with the help of EIP bot. 

The process with respect to the merge upgrade will probably if at all it will change then it will probably be changing only for core EIPs. 

Tim Beiko has initiated a thread of different proposals. There are two proposals on table right now, in which he has mentioned what is the proposal to change the core EIP process but that is only for core, however we do not expect any changes with respect to any other category or type of the proposal this is not written in stone, as of now we are still continuing discussion in Devcon, probably we will be having some discussion around the new process as per my information. so we are hoping to have this outcome from the Devcon session to be discussed in upcoming EIPIP meeting and probably in the All Core Dev meeting. I hope that I tried to answer your question on higher level but if I still missed answering any of those please feel free to let me know.

**Metago** [12:55](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=775)
Oh yeah I mean because all this information comes from so many different sources, that's why I was I wanted to know if in case other people are also interested like if I could write something that kind of just does a summary of what's happening like every month or because there's so many changes happening so like basically what you just said but you know explain in a more simple manner for people who are less, who don't know as much about the EIP process, can understand.

**Pooja** [13:32](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=812)
Yeah that would definitely be helpful if you would like to write about it because I am I myself am not very clear on what we can expect in future but I can suggest people who want to follow me be able to join the EIPIP meeting and we expect some other improvements there. However I'm trying to share a link here in the chat, it is from a recent talk on mainnet NYC in which I have tried to provide an overview of the proposal, and also have added links to the discussion thread where people can participate and share their thoughts about the upcoming new processes. 

**Metago** [14:17](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=857)
Thanks, I will check it out.

**Pooja** 
Thank you but if you would like to document anything I think the best place to discuss about EIP related process or bot or anything related to EIP would be EIP editor's channel on Ethereum Cat Herders.

**Metago** [14:36](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=876)
But the problem I feel like because that's mostly for EIP editing and I don't want to clutter that Channel with like just EIP bot explanation related issues because everybody on their Channel pretty much understands the process in there. So I was wondering if we could have a separate channel for just EIP Bots related stuff.

**Pooja** [15:06](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=906)
But EIP bot are specially for EIP editing rights

**Metago** 
I mean like true so yeah I was wondering what to do about that because at the same time the EIP editing channel is mostly to discuss higher levels issues related to that.

**Pooja**[15:18](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=918)
Maybe creating a thread for any particular discussion how about that in the same channel because you know if we create multiple channels for one uh topic it may flood a lot of channels and people may get confused like where to go so how about creating thread there for EIP bot related discussion?

**Metago**
Okay yeah, that sounds good.

**Pooja**[15:48](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=948)
So let me know if you have issues with any permission, though you are a contributor. You should be able to start a new thread but in case of any issues with the Discord permission, feel free to let me know. Okay thank you thank you so much for sharing thoughts on that I think EIP process is something that the cat holders are heavily engaged with. Having a documentation around how does it work will be helpful though we are trying to share this information with multiple uh presentations events and talks so that is there but having more will not hurt. Thank you so much shivanki for that. 

Yeah, with that, probably we can move on to the next topic on ech engineering which is about Learn2Earn so I would invite Josh to provide the latest update and where we are. 

#### [Learn2Earn](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/L2E)

**George Harvey** [16:46](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1006) 
All right, so basically the learner is something in there, so I think that was shared last week, you guys I think that was also announced but not much two weeks ago and if you guys had the chance to try it out at all and get some feedback, much appreciated and now we're planning to actually publicly launch and there'll be a lot of post that comes out hopefully later today it's already ready, if it just need to be published and yeah I'm pretty much excited about it. Pooja, do you have any anything you want to add to it?

**Pooja** [17:32](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1052)
I think you have pretty much covered it so we are launching this app with four quizzes and we hope to add more quizzes so anyone from the community if they are interested in documenting more quizzes for us please feel free to reach out to us and we, as Josh mentioned, we have added a feedback form for you in the app itself and you can also find the link in the blog post that we would be sharing later today, where we hope to collect your initial feedback about the app and also if you are interested in learning about a particular protocol EIP or something, do let us know and we hope to have quizzes built around that. 

**George Harvey** [18:21](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1101)
Oh and also if you want to contribute to the project as well if you're interested just message me or Pooja in Discord and we'll love to have more contributors especially more dev so.

**Pooja** [18:36](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1116)
That's right yeah I have shared the link to the last meeting notes which we had yesterday and yes this is a community project, please show up if you have different thoughts or if you have improvement suggestion and after all we need to have this app to be  maintained for a long term so yeah feel free to reach us and share your feedback with us.

Thank you George for that update. Yeah anyone has any question comment on the app? All right anyway we have a feedback form we hope to collect more on that form.

### ECH Operations: ECH GitHub backup & [YouTube backup](https://hackmd.io/@poojaranjan/ECHBackup)

**Pooja** [19:28](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1168)
Moving on, ECH operations, we are working on YouTube backup. I do not see zk on the call today but I hope the file here, the hackmd here, must be up to date with whatever has been added on the lenstube. So far we are growing followers on lenstube as well, for people who may not be aware of this backup that cat herders are doing currently. We are taking the backup on arweave and we are also having it added to lenstube for people to follow other than YouTube, so either way we just want information to be shared with the community, whatever works best for you, want to have it in the decentralized world we have lenstube and arweave, and if you want to follow it on YouTube, you're always welcome.

#### [ECH Podcast](https://open.spotify.com/show/7dgxKMkSyy3HWtQW7OfqXA), [PEEPanEIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F): Upcoming meetings can be found on [PEEPanEIP schedule](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/projects/2)
ECH podcast, we do have Peak plan so we are hoping to have a few upcoming ECH podcast episodes, the audio version of the talk that we are recording on PEEPanEIP. We have the next PEEPanEIP meeting planned for tomorrow, I believe, and the EIP number is, I'm just trying to open the link, the EIP is 5496: multi-privileged management NFT extension, so please feel free to join us. All the information will be provided on Ethereum Cat Herders General Channel on discord and if you have a question around the implementation of the proposal this proposal is currently in the last call in the review status and we are hoping for this proposal to be moving towards last call very soon so if you have question comment concern with this proposal join us at 1830 UTC tomorrow on October 12 for discussion with the EIP author.

### GitPOAP for EIP Authors, ACD meeting 150, CL meeting 100 & [The Merge](https://twitter.com/gitpoap/status/1569738148925657094)

**Pooja** [22:31](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1353)
The next one is the GitPOAP app for EIP authors, ACD meeting clmd merged for the merge. GitPOAP app team has already opened the issuance of GitPOAP app for people who may have participated in the merge or may have contributed in the merge upgrade. The team is currently working on allocating Git POAP to EIP authors based on their contribution, authors who are listed for final EIPs. Pandapip from our team has been working with the GitPOAP team on issuance of this though there were a few concerns raised in EIPIP meeting last week. I have shared those with the team and we hope to have the team available in the next meeting to maybe able to answer or respond to EIP editor's questions over there. We do have like a meeting, CL and ACD meeting, on break for some weeks, so that discussion is on shelf for now.

### [EIPs Insight](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1434)

**Pooja** [23:53](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1433)
Coming to EIPs Insight, in the month of October, we have three new EIPs added as draft. Two new EIP moved from draft to review status. However there was one EIP which was in the last call, has been reverted back to the draft status and the number is EIP 4834 hierarchical domain, so if you have any more comments for the improvement of this proposal, feel free to add to the discussion link added to the EIP. We have seen a few changes, some improvement have been made on the EIP-1 site and the website has been added with math jax. One kind of a sad part on our end, lightclient who has been an active editor on EIP and ERC site has now considered to be contributing on core EIPs only, due to bandwidth issue, however we have seen a few new contributors who have been reviewing the proposals and we hope to have people on board as ERC editor too. For the latest update check out the link added in the agenda for EIPs Insight, for the month of October.

### [Meeting notes and action items for ECH](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1axM1KaKc-GCcoPbAnYTOhgLnxXsBVoO5XRjTN3CLnck/edit#gid=0): [All Core Dev meeting notes 147](https://github.com/darkfire-rain/pm/blob/patch-1/AllCoreDevs-Meetings/Meeting%20147.md), [Consensus meeting notes 96](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/pull/634/commits/bc8e7a476b04abad170944ec4148b907c641b5a40), EIP Improvement Process meeting 66

**Pooja** [25:29](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1529)
Next is meeting notes. So far we have meeting notes for, that's strange, because we didn't have any All Core Dev meeting or consensus layer meeting in the past week, we have notes from the previous meeting only. For EIPIP meeting 66 we are expecting the notes later today. Again, a reminder to all people who are contributing in documenting notes, we expect the notes to be done in three days, 72 hours, only in special cases when meeting is longer than scheduled, you have the flexibility to submit it by five days. Please try to finish up with the notes within the defined timeline and I'm also hoping to invite a few new contributors to be able to join the team and may be able to contribute in documenting notes. We do have Bounty for documenting notes so please feel free to reach us on Cat Herders Discord. I'll be happy to answer any questions related to that. 

And talking about notes I know today's notes are which Shubhangi, if you do not mind there was this new guy who reached out to maybe able to contribute with documenting notes, I would like to maybe give him an opportunity is it if it is okay for you to maybe allocate you for the next meeting? Or maybe I can take this thing in the channel, notes channel. So I will be able to clarify it better over there but people who are interested in documenting notes please feel free to reach out we are looking for more people especially for core dev and consensus layer meeting. We are in short for people to document notes. Join us. 

### Other community meetings: EIP Editing Office Hour [Announcement](https://medium.com/ethereum-cat-herders/introducing-eip-editing-office-hour-9f04a95a26ba) [Meeting 3 Recording](https://youtu.be/Rgl6JwGWmxU), [KZG-Ceremony Breakout Call # 8 Recording](https://youtu.be/a8XoKo2-Q7c)

**Pooja** [27:35](https://youtu.be/xkc0dhC-J-g?t=1655)
On other community meetings, we are having EIP editing officer recording for meeting three is added here in the agenda. We do have a KGV ceremony breakout room recording available. I think it is for meeting nine, I don't know why it is showing eight, but anyway we have the recording for all the meetings so far.

#### Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings: [Meeting 94](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/pull/319)
From the action items coming up from the last meeting, I am trying to quickly take a look here, thank you for notes Shubhangi, I have left a few comments, minor comments, just about the formatting and updating the readme, if you can update the full pull request, we can merge it ASAP and looking into the action item, ECH may try handle one in future. We are still in discussion with the team we hope to bring it one day. ECH will create a dedicated Discord channel to discuss funding option. We have started a thread for discussing funding option on general ECH Cat Herders Discord channel, so check out and leave your comments if you have thoughts there.

Channel to discuss POS related issue, which is a good point we haven't started it yet, we can probably start a new channel to have a POS related discussion there. ECH website, we may have Shanghai page, we did complete the Shanghai page however we are looking for more resources around proposals. If you have, if you are aware of it, feel free to share the link and we'll be able to add it on the Shanghai page.

Pooja will look into creating information and sharing platform for EIP editors and the ECH engineering team to discuss who is working on what we did discuss this part in the EIPIP meeting and we hope to continue discussion on the EIP bot issues or respective issues for whatever it is related to. So that's all on the meeting side that we have for today, if anyone would like to bring anything new for discussion please feel free to share with us. 

With this being the last quarter of the Year, I hope that we should come up with some new plans for 2023, so if anyone has any suggestion where cat herders can be helpful, please share with us. We are looking for some new thoughts, ideas which can be implemented in the upcoming year. We will try to have, I mean people around, and maybe try to collect some budget if needed for those new tasks and activities so come up with new thoughts and ideas that you think Cat Herders can be helpful for supporting Ethereum protocol. Thank you everyone for joining today. I hope to see you in two weeks. Have a good one everyone. 

The date for the next meeting - Oct 25, 2022 at 15:00 UTC

## Attendees

- Pooja
- Metago
- George Harvey
- Gunnar Mar
- Victor Zhu






 
 
 
 






















