# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 55  Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday  30 March 2021 at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 1 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/167)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnu_tBM9aGM)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Avishek Kumar

----

## DECISION & ACTION ITEMS

**DECISION 55.1**: Shane will provide texts and Pooja will provide the teamâ€™s info to be added to the new website Michael will look into GH integration. 
**DECISION 55.2**: Pooja to publish the Berlin announcement blog before the ACD meeting.


-------------------------------------
**Pooja Ranjan**: welcome to ethereum cat herders meeting 55. this is
pooja ranjan

# 1. [Progress on ECH website](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/155)

**Pooja Ranjan**: The first item on the agenda is a progress on ECH website. In the beginning of 2021, we just started exploring different options for improving the present categories website and Unvetica has been working on it. Earlier Michael shared the design
and logo for the new website. Unfortunately he could not join the last meeting but I believe there was some good progress on the development side. So Michael if you would like to take it away and share more updates of that.

**Unvetica eth**:  yep let me just uh share my screen here real quick. okay so this is just an
overview of what I  showed last time, which was the sort of finished landing page that everyone seemed to be okay with for the ethereum cat herders and that is  just this right here. So it kind of go over who ethereum cat herders are. We'll go ahead.  So we have the
ethereum categories landing, site landing page and then but what we didn't have before were short of the inner pages right? So everything else in the navigation menu so I would
like to sort of review that now these are just in mark-up forms that are being said. Everything that we see today  is ready to go live. I have a couple questions in terms of how we want to logistically accomplish that task. Once I kind of finished the mark-ups here so we have got the overall landing page which everyone seemed to approve of. In terms of  what information was being displayed and how it was being displayed next. If we were to go to the activities, we have a couple sub menus here displayed in the secondary menu. The network upgrades EIP resources deb meetings breakout room and then an events calendar. This is what we have laid out for the network upgrades. Showcasing the upgrade that we are currently in and then sort of an archive section of previous network upgrades on the bottom here. The representative sort of call to action cards with the type of link that it refers to linked in the corner here by the icon. So if this one is pulled from the current site so for example this one was a medium article. The rest of these were github repos. If they were anything different they would be indicated otherwise moving on to the next page. The EIP resources based on the prototype that was provided. We have created a video section that ties into this youtube page and then an archive playlist that once this is hit play rather these will auto play in succession and then the previous ethereum blockchain upgrade links. This is just blank for now. Just representative of the calendar, so anyone that wants to know when the next one is coming up, it will be displayed there. The dev meetings are pretty similar in terms of the eip resources where we have the cards and then the applicable resources in each one, so someone will click on a card. It will expand on the resources available all based on the information on the current site will be listed here and then a calendar of those meetings
links to the event calendar next. We have a section for the ethereum cat herders just kind of diving in deeper into who you are and as individuals and then as a team. This is one section where I am gonna need some assets from the ethereum cat herders in terms of if this is in fact approved. This is the direction you want to go. I will need some sort of headshot from the team members that you would like displayed at minimum best,  if we could have some
sort of you know name, role..If that's what you guys do here on the team and then maybe some sort of short bio. We have the support model that you guys have laid out in the prototype, There was a section wanted for reviews. I do not know if you guys have those.
Currently we will need those supplied as well. I would love any direction on that and as to where I could find that you know if we don't want that's fine too.The the next section is these
the main streaming section. So we'll have a full 19x6 youtube player here and there will be
two sections so they will be the main player this will just play. If the ethereum cat herders are not live streaming this will show the most recent uploaded video. If you are live streaming this will automatically show the live feed and then the individual ethereum cat herder playlists on the bottom. We are also going to make this a little bit more obvious but this tuner will be interactive so that if someone were to click it. It would change the playlist and play the
applicable the newest video in that playlist. So just a couple things to point out before we get into the minutia maybe each page. Some of the assumption being here that everything is approved and there isn't a whole lot of change here. We will need a couple things of copy provided by the ethereum cat herders. We weren't really sure what to put here for an overview of the network upgrades.  So I will need some assistance in terms of the verbiage and what exactly you would like put there. I believe the same thing for yup. The dev meetings I will need assistance with what exactly you would like pointed out here in terms of what it is and then obviously the same thing like I said before about us section. Basically the biggest thing that's lacking here is the team section and then the testimonial section. So that is the full mark-up. This will be one thing to point out too at least for the time being unless I am told otherwise the blog section is actually just going to be linked to the existing medium blog since you have already got that pretty well indexed and it's pretty well leveraged. I think
it would be a shame to have to train your audience into a new platform so it just makes sense to create a path of least resistance for the same information, so that's what the blog section will be any initial questions concerning comments regarding the mark-up for the inner pages.

**Pooja Ranjan**: The first comment like it's beautiful, it's wonderful thank you. 

**Alita Moore**: That's with the cats, they are so cute.

**Pooja Ranjan**: yeah one section I would like to heck with others as well where we
have described we try to support. Can you just go back to that page?

**Unvetica eth**: Sorry which page ?

**Pooja Ranjan**: where we have explained the acronyms for support.

**Unvetica eth**: This one?

**Pooja Ranjan**:  yes yeah they strive to provide. So this is just what we do like the cat herders are engaged with creating synergy and we are working on improvement proposals not working on but helping out making resources and sharing information and all those stuff. So if people have any particular suggestion on this.If this can be improved or this is fine
feel free to share that as well and yeah I  like the suggestion of having github profiles do people have other thoughts on that like if you want to provide head shots and link it back to the github profiles.

**Unvetica eth**: I think that would be cool so you are basically saying so for each individual
person if they have a repo that we would link to it.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah because mostly  they are contributors to ethereum chat herders so
I am assuming they must have a github profile at least if not twitter or anything else.

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah i got my headshot on my github profile

**Unvetica eth**: We could do that too if that's easier if you just want to do. We can link to the github and then whatever you know icon is is featured for their github repo. You can just put that on there if you want with their name.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Right this is something that we can collect it with the team and I can get back to you on and about the description part that you have mentioned networking meeting and tab meeting and about a section. So if someone is interested to work on that.

**Shane Lightowler**: I am happy to do Pooja

**PoojaRanjan**: Okay but I believe you have an initial document in which you have already
put something together on what to go and where to go. So if you can just go ahead and add these section would be helpful for even for Michael
and
everybody else 

**Shane Lightowler**: Yeah no problem. I will work with Michael on that.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Okay Michael I believe you have some questions on how to link the domain name so.

**Unvetica eth**: Yes so i'm i admittedly don't know exactly how github deals with hosting so I would have to. I would imagine there's a place where I am operating under two assumptions, one that ethereum cat herders actually. The domain name ethereumcatheters.com and then that the github settings allow to change the name
servers in relation to that domain and if those two things are true, then all we should have to do is update the name servers so I can provide what those would be for the domain and then second  point to our hosting and then we should be able to effectively go live. Once the copy has been produced and then when we have these this team section filled out

**Pooja Ranjan**: On the domain name part, yes I am certain that we have ethereumcatherders.com and I talked to Charles, who was actually looking into buying. I mean like renewing this domain so he had renewed it for this year of course. At the moment the current ethereumcatherders.com is actually maintained by github but going back to your question that GH allows you to change the main server, I am not sure of that. Brent by any chance do you have any insight on it. I remember you working with some domain name when we were linking on the email so do you have any insight?

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah  we just have to find out who owns the domain name and go to the DNS and reconfigure the domain name for that server. For example some of mine are hosted by AWS. So we just need to find out who owned because yeah there's got a dns setting somewhere either on godaddy or or some site somewhere where or aws or 
something like that we just got to find that spot who has the credentials for that and then you could go in and change the c record  or and the mail. Yeah we can change those. I am trying to recall if we change something like that for the email but I don't recall but I could try and look into that because we can do the who is and everything.

**Pooja Ranjan**: okay  I am not sure if you are aware but there is a github issue on the ethereum cat Herder. The github repository, so if you get any information maybe it is helpful for you to know Michael and his team. you know link the things any help would be really appreciated

**Brent Allsop**: Okay yeah i'll look into that

**Pooja Rajan**: Sounds great thank you um maybe Charles. I don't know if Charles mentioned that if you get a chance, he may be able to join the meeting in the last few minutes. If he can catch up but if not then he will try to respond to the github comment that Michael has created there. So I hope this should be done and we can expect the new website before we go ahead with the community call for Berlin. Does that sound reasonable?

**Unvetica eth**: It does from my end. So really it is. Just I think Shane and I will meet up and finish this copy real quick and then should just be. I am hoping a day or two to transfer
everything over to get the name server set up. So I think having this ready and  deployed out 
for Berlin before a community call. I think it is a very reasonable expectation.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Sounds all good from my end. Do people have any further questions on this topic before we move on to question comments? well thank you Michael for this so, we will sink offline as well and see how and what progress can we make and we'll try to get it up
running before the next meeting.



# 2. Ethereum community collaboration & meetings

**Pooja Ranjan**: Going to the next item on the agenda is Ethereum community collaboration and meeting.

## Collaboration with Fellowship of Ethereum Magicians

**Pooja Ranjan**: So the first subsection is collaboration with fellowship of ethereum magicians. Anett from the fellowship of ethereum magicians has left some comments in today's agenda and she wanted to discuss how fem and echan collaborate. So I am straight way passing it to the Anett to speak more on it. Welcome to the meeting Anett.

**Anett Rolikova**: Yeah, Thank you. Hi guys, so I would like to ask you guys what are
your plans for this year if you guys have some sort of roadmap for what you guys are planning to do this year. Where the ethereum good health community is heading. Basically how did you guys evolve and then as I mentioned in my three questions  in the agenda in the github  issue. I would love to get answers on what kind of activities you are doing except people instead taking notes on cortesco and then if there is a way how we can collaborate together.

**Pooja Ranjan**: As I mentioned to you uh briefly like we are currently engaged with nodes and network upgrade support. Support means reaching out to the projects and other infrastructure providers making some outreach that we did for 1559 and we are planning to do similar tasks for other proposals as well along with the peep and eat but really. We will be happy to collaborate on any event like the med event. I believe FEM organized  something last year. So if you have any proposal for us,  we would be happy to collaborate on that.

**Anett Rolikova**: Is there anybody else who has something to add to this?

**Pooja Ranjan**: So Anett has also left a comment. So if anybody comes up with
any other suggestion or any other idea that can be helpful for the you know overall education of the ethereum community or maybe showcasing the tasks the activities that is being done by different groups. Feel free to leave a comment there. 

## Berlin upgrade community call: blog, notes?

**Pooja Ranjan**: Moving on to the next section of this item is berlin upgrade community
call as we were discussing in the earlier item that we would like to have Berlin upgrade community call or the countdown call. I have shared a draft of a medium article for the announcement of this. The expected date is april 15. It is not fixed because every day
keep on changing early we were expecting it somewhere around april16 like 11am. Now I can see as per the ethernode website. It is somewhere in them like 2 or 2:23 am somewhere like that so here is the link of the draft. Michael has kindly designed the cover image. Because we are hoping this  call will be after the new website launch. So we tried to give a teaser of how the new website would be looking, like the logo and other stuff. So my question here mainly with the group is like when we would like to publish this blog. Like do we  have any specific thought on the publishing date maybe before the all code meeting this friday or today tomorrow or if there is any other suggestions to be added in this blog. Feel free to let me know.

**Tim Beiko**: Yeah I think before the all Core Dev could be nice. So on the ACD I will be mentioning that Berlin is happening on april 14th and so if at the same time we can kind of mention that there's this community call. I think that would be really good.

**Pooja Ranjan**: It sounds good. So, like april 14th you just mentioned Tim. I am a little confused, I am just trying to understand this part. I had only one place to follow that was like ether notes and I was following there. It said just april 16. So is there a way where we can know accurate things or maybe where people can follow any placeholder for that.

**Tim Beiko**: I am not sure I can check but it's basically the block number. Right? We can't really know too far in advance

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah right

**Tim Beiko**: But I think the ethernode countdown is usually pretty accurate. I am looking at
it now. Yeah right now it says like it says  it's gonna be on april 15th .

**Pooja Ranjan**:yeah okay, so I will be providing the link to an ethernode countdown.

**Tim Beiko**: Yeah that's that's a good idea 

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah people will be able to track when it is coming up. We already have mentioned that the meeting will be starting 45 minutes prior to the block that we are expecting to be deployed on. But it would be better for people to refer. Okay any other comment on this item.

**Alita Moore**: Is this about the thing that Anett was talking about. Was this a different item? Sorry.

**Pooja Ranjan**: It is a different one. It is the ethereum community countdown call  that we are planning to organize the categories. So I have shared a blog, so we were just discussing.If we want to add anything more to that blog. 

**Alita Moore**: If there's nobody else for this topic. I actually had something to follow up
with Anett about. Is that okay?

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah sure

**Alita Moore**: So Anett we recently have been doing something called a bot, like I built a bot for the aap's repo and that kind of goes along into a bit of like what the ethereum cat herders has been doing. Which is kind of like project management in the sense that you know they are the ethereum categories did a lot in terms of organizing the work to be done with that and then you know following through getting funding and stuff to get it all handled
without any concern or involvement from the parties. The stakeholders in that case so that's
one other thing that we're working on. Just general project management I guess.

# 3. ECH funding & fund management

## Discuss using a yield-bearing instrument, either Aave or Compound, to hold fundings

**Pooja Rajan**: Okay so moving on the next item is ECH funding and fund management. Unfortunately I do not see Edson or william on the call

**Pooja Ranjan**: The first sub  item listed here is to discuss using a yield bearing instrument either Aave or compound to hold funding in the last meeting. It is to propose some thoughts on how to better hold funding and there was some discussion between William and Edson and we wanted to bring it to the broader audience because most of the people could not join the last meeting due to change of the time. Many people got confused and that it was because of that we would be curious to hear more thoughts from this group and see how we can better manage funds. If people have any thoughts here.If not we can move on and we will see, we will bring it back when they are available.

## Future funding from Moloch via Moloch Guild

**Pooja Ranjan**: Going to the next item. It is future funding from Moloch via Moloch Guild 

So I was mentioning that we are trying to take some or the other tasks as a project  management part to support the ethereum development at large. So currently we are working for eip bot, so we try to arrange funding for that and similarly we are planning to take up more tasks. Something related to a research report or maybe outreach that is needed. Maybe work on the proposals that need some kind of support. So I was in touch with moloch and we discussed some ways of providing additional support to projects proposals wherever they need. So we are looking at different options on how to fund that. There is one other section that is eip editors. We were discussing this in the eipip meeting about the eip editors and maybe in future erc editors and how to fund that. So the idea  that she brought up was we can have this moloch Guild. We, the ethereum Cat Herders can be a part of moloch Guild in which whatever tasks we are performing and whatever tasks we think that other group or the proposal or somebody is needing funds for.  We arrange the fund for them. We work with moloch or maybe on a quarterly basis. We let them know what are the jobs that need funds and we get the fund and we distribute it accordingly.
so I am curious to hear thoughts on ech being a Moloch Guild. One thing I would like to mention here is that even if we are Moloch Guild, the autonomy will be with us. We will decide on how we want to operate. It is just that they would be looking for the results.

**Alita Moore**: So I think in general, I forget what it's called exactly but there is a certain like project management idea that is used. I can look into the exact brush you can probably find here. But essentially I like that idea that sounds great . Give me two seconds I know a dev shop coupe like a dev shop cooperative basically is the point where like you sort of have a group of people that act as a project like a go-to project management for certain things and the idea would be that a certain client would pay a group of people to then figure out how to make something happen. So in this case it could potentially be some sort of you know core developer or whatever ethereum level thing so if Moloch is gonna act as a bit of like a client in that case. Then to me that seems like a very good direction.
**Pooja Ranjan**: Sounds good do we have any other thoughts on this.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Okay uh maybe we would like to work a little bit more on this. I would be trying to document things and then maybe list the task that we can reach out to the team for funding.

# 4. [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1axM1KaKc-GCcoPbAnYTOhgLnxXsBVoO5XRjTN3CLnck/edit#gid=0)

**Pooja Ranjan**: Okay moving on the next item on the agenda is meeting notes.

## [Merge meetings](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/Merge/merge.md)

**Pooja Ranjan**: I believe Tim left some comments about the merge meeting so let's start from there. 

**Tim Beiko**: Yeah thanks. So basically there's gonna be a new recurring call, you know right now we have all core devs for eth1. There's an eth2 call every two weeks and we are gonna start having a merge call every two weeks as well or maybe not exactly every two weeks but you know pretty much. It would be nice to have some note-taking. I don't know what like from a budget perspective things look like for the cat herders but I am sure if that's a blocker. The eip can help and basically you know the meetings are 90 minutes long. They are pretty technical so I guess whatever we pay for all core devs would make sense for this. I can share basically we have a page in the ethereum pm repo with all the info so I can share this in the chat right now but yeah that's basically you know what I was looking for. If people are interested and available to help with note taking for these it would be super valuable. I just shared the page. We have the first one happening in two days about two hours before the start of this cat herders meeting.

**Shane Lightowler**: Shane here I would be keen. I have to write about the merge for it. For  other things, that would be quite useful for me to attend.

**Tim Beiko**: Sure yeah

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah I mean if people are interested,this can be scheduled on a regular basis as well as they mentioned that may or may not be happening in the interval of two weeks. So for the first meeting that is upcoming on thursday. I believe Shane I can make sure you and go forward if anybody else is interested. We can just have that done.

**Shane Lightowler**: Great yeah

## [All Core Dev meeting #108](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%20108.md)

**Pooja Ranjan**: Thank you and the first meeting that was listed here is all core dev meeting 108. I believe we have some time so if..oh! I don't see Pedro here. 

okay so we are working on the different meeting notes and these notes are submitted to the
different github repositories. We generally try to list the meeting note here and if resources are available to provide a summary of that. We generally encourage the person who is documenting the notes to submit the notes between three to five days at the max and if not then we would like to open the notes for other people to submit it as soon as possible.

#5. [Peep an EIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F)

**Pooja Ranjan**: The next item on the agenda is Peep and EIP so in the past two weeks we organized two people.

[EIP-1474: Remote procedure call specification](https://youtu.be/fxhXsg9g4nc)

**Pooja Ranjan**:  one was for eip1474 that is a remote procedure called specification, that is specifically the ethereum RPC methods. As of now different clients are using different methods. So, this was an effort by people from metamask to standardize their proposed specification but now it appears that this would be moving into a different direction not as a
standardized but maybe somewhere it can be continuously you know updated and whatever is the latest can be reflected. The group will be working on that and very soon there will be a new repository to reflect, This is reflected as a placeholder for this kind of specification.

[ENS EIP-137: Specs. & 2544:ENS Wildcard Resolution](https://youtu.be/r3IqenS0VQo)

**Pooja Ranjan**: The other one we did was eip 137 specs for ENS wildcard resolution that is a new proposal for some of the other resolutions. We had this uh overview with Nick
johnson and it's a very good watch for people who would like to understand the ENS. Along with these two proposals Nick also talked about  how anus can be used on l2. So I will highly recommend people to go and watch this episode on peep any playlist at youtube

[EIP-2124: Fork identifier for chain compatibility checks](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/projects/2#card-50808574) with Felix Lange on March 31, 2021 at 1430 UTC (10:30 am EST)

**Pooja Ranjan**: The upcoming one is EIP-2124 that is a networking proposal for
fourth identifier for chain compatibility checks. This is planned tomorrow march 31st
at 14 30 utc with Felix Lange. If people are interested they can find the meeting invite on the ethereum categories discord. 

# 6. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs

**Pooja Ranjan**: So that's all. discuss and close the ech github issues and peers on the epm side I don't think there is any new issue that we would like to discuss but on the funding side. We have cleared almost all funding. Please check if you have received the funding, if not  leave a comment and if you have then Please close the issue. There is only one issue left that is for eip but i'm waiting on some confirmation from the eip editors Micah light client or maybe from Hudson to release the funding. But if people want to know what's going on in there. Alita has left the link for the repository for the github issue where she is providing updates on the progress of the eip parts.

# 7. Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings

**Pooja Ranjan**: Okay so the last item on the agenda is reviewing outstanding action items from the previous ECH meeting and oh I am sorry this is not linking to the correct one. So the two decision items mentioned here proceed towards a closing ratio of 103 and 163. I think we need to close that and  because now the ethernets have already shared. The new link people can go ahead and track that. Number two is  put an item on the next meeting
agenda to discuss using a yield bearing instrument. Unfortunately Edson and William could not join the meeting today so we didn't get a chance to discuss it more on it. But I will try to put it again on the agenda but in the meanwhile if people have thoughts feel free to share it on the github or any sorry discord or any other communication channel. Would like to hear thoughts on how we can make the best use of this suggestion. So I think that's all if anyone has anything else to share in this meeting. so that's all for this meeting thank you everyone. 

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah, Sorry I had one quick thing I looked up on econ the registrant for
ethereum cat herders and the registrant  is godaddy but the registrant is someone called polymath mike hudson or maybe I could contact lane reading or one old guys or something like that. Any idea who polymath might be or who might have the credentials to to get in to change the ip address for ethereumcathers.com?

**Pooja Ranjan**: Polymath sounds like the name of a project.

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah it sounds familiar and it looks like it's some kind of crypto project. I could do more research but I will contact Hudson and some of the old guys there's got to be someone and where does the domain currently point to? Who's hosting does anyone know that?

**Pooja Ranjan**: That is with Charles.

**Brent Allsop**: Charles oh okay . I will contact Charles too then he might know then. I will do some more research thanks 

**Pooja Ranjan**: That would be helpful thank you Brent for that. So Charles I already have a brief chance about this migration process. I don't know if he mentioned that he would be able to join the meeting. He could but it looks like he could not make it.  But yes feel free to contact him and I am sure he will be able to help you on that. So thank you everyone for joining them. Joining us today the next meeting is planned on April 13th two weeks from now see you all soon.

**Shane Lightowler**: Thanks all right
-------------------------
## Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* Brent Allsop
* Anett Rolikova
* Alita More
* Shane Lightowler
* Jim Bennet
* Tim Beiko
* Unvetica eth

## Next Call - April 13, 2021 .
