# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 53 Notes

### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday, Mar 02, 2021 15:00 UTC

### Meeting Duration:  30 min.

### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/162)

### [Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/KEoCq6g_K7o)

### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan

### Notes: Edson Ayllon

---

# **Summary:**

## Actions

Action Item | Description
-|-
**53.1** | Interactive demo of the new site to be shown next meeting.
**53.2** | Blog about Berlin to be posted.
**53.3** | EIP-969 needs a champion.
**53.4** | Have call with EIP Editors answering questions about becoming an EIP editor.
**53.5** | Brent to reach out to Hudson about eips.ethereum.org.

---



# 1. Progress on ECH website

Video | [0:00](https://youtu.be/KEoCq6g_K7o)
-|-

Pedro Rivera introduced himself to the group. 

Michael had some designs to share. 

He started by showing a new logo, used for the website and social media. 

There is an intial mockup for the site. The design is very minimal and clean. 

Some discussion on adding space for more events/info. And, rewording some tabs, because ECH coordinates events outside of ECH.

An interactive demo will be available next meeting.

## Actions

- **53.1** - Interactive demo of the new site to be shown next meeting.

# 2. Berlin upgrade blogpost

Video | [13:18](https://youtu.be/KEoCq6g_K7o?t=798)
-|-

We'd like to publish a blog to make the community aware of the Berlin upgrade. It would include info about the EIPs included in the upgrade. Looking to publish the blog after getting the latest version of client updates.

Usually the network upgrade announcement is on the Ethereum Foundation Blog, while more detail is included in the ECH post, that EF links to. This year, the EF is looking to expand the post to Consensys, Gnosis, etc.

## Actions

- **53.2** - Blog about Berlin to be posted.

# 3. Events & community meetings

Video | [16:27](https://youtu.be/KEoCq6g_K7o?t=987)
-|-

Last Friday was the 1559 community call. The main goal of the call was to open a communication channel between devs and miners.

The community responded that there was desire to see the BBT model. 

A few people came up with EIP-969. If someone would champion this, Pooja would be willing to bring it up in Peep and EIP.

## Actions

- **53.3** - EIP-969 needs a champion.

# 4. The response to 'Become an EIP editors' blog

Video | [18:52](https://youtu.be/KEoCq6g_K7o?t=1132)
-|-

A few people filled out the form. And someone created a pull request on EIP-1. Looking to have a call with EIP Editors on the next call to answer new questions. 

## Actions

- **53.4** - Have call with EIP Editors answering questions about becoming an EIP editor.

# 5. Meeting notes

Video | [20:37](https://youtu.be/KEoCq6g_K7o?t=1237)
-|-

Looking for someone to document the 1559 community call. Shane volunteered to take notes.

Brent had a question about the EIPIP meeting. He hadn't gotten a reply to a question he sent out for eip.ethereum.org. Hudson told Brent to direct message him to direct him. 

## Actions

- **53.5** - Brent to reach out to Hudson about eips.ethereum.org.

# 6. Peep an EIP

Video | [24:10](https://youtu.be/KEoCq6g_K7o?t=1450)
-|-

We had Peep an EIP for 2 proposals. EIP-2876 helps with gas prices. Another proposal could help with high network fees. Looking at people who are knowledgeable to look at the recording.

EIP-2315 was covered, the final EIP going into Berlin that was not yet covered by Peep an EIP.

Upcoming: EIP-3085: Wallet Add Ethereum Chain RPC Method with Eric Marks. The meeting is planned for Wednesday March 3rd.

Anyone with suggestions for Peep and EIP, please leave a reply on Discord.

# 7. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs

Video | [27:07](https://youtu.be/KEoCq6g_K7o?t=1627)
-|-

No new issues except for meeting notes issues. Transactions initiated, waiting for another approval.

# 8. Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings

Video | [27:41](https://youtu.be/KEoCq6g_K7o?t=1661)
-|-

The branding part of the new website was shared.

Alita didn't join the meeting, but left a message saying she was working on the bot. 

Because the execution fee is really high, looking at reimbursing members for the fee. The column is already added.

---

# Annex

## Attendees

- Brent Allsop
- Pablo Rivera
- Pooja Ranjan
- Shane Lightowler
- unvetica.eth

## Next Meeting Date

Mar 16, 2020, 15:00 UTC.
