# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting #118 #372
### Meeting Date/Time: Sep 27, 2023 at 13:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration:  50 mins
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Meenakshi Singh
### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/372)
### [Audio Video of the Meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo)


# Agenda

### New users on ECH Discord and/or contributor's introduction

**PoojaRanjan** [00:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=0s): Welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders meeting 118. We have on agenda items such as ethereum Network upgrades. We will talk about what's going on with Ethereum's latest upgrade Dencun. There are other protocol development and research updates, followed by events fellowship hackathon. There are a few initiatives and a team discussion point that we would like to take it today maybe get some resolution. May be get some solution for how we want to proceed with that. Then there would be General updates. But before we get into our usual agenda item. We are joined by a team to maybe provide a demo under the section called Eosystem Project Demo. Let me welcome Ben from Team Gelato. Welcome Ben!

**Ben** [00:55](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=55s): Hey everyone how's it going! Thank you so much for having me. Yeah I'll be giving a quick presentation followed by a demo.

**PoojaRanjan** [01:03](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=63s): Awesome the floor is all yours then please go ahead with the presentation and the demo. If we get some time we will perhaps take some question answer at the end of this presentation.


## Ecosystem Project Demo - Gelato

**Ben** [1:15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=75s): Perfect. Thank you. So today we're going to be covering Signless Transactions powered by our Relay Service called Gelato Relay. First of all a quick introduction to Gelato for those of you who are not familiar. Gelato is web3's decentralized back end empowering Builders to augment their smart contracts to create reliable user-friendly and scalable Web3 apps without sacrificing decentralization and censorship resistance. So traditionally when developers sort of first start out, it seems like all we really need is a front end. And then we need some smart contracts on chain and that's sort of. All we need that is our decentralized back end. But as applications scale a lot of them find they need sort of extended functionality or additional infrastructure lots of power the variety of use cases. and this is sort of where Gelato comes in. We offer three services. The first one being an automation service which allows developers to execute smart contracts automatically when certain criteria is met. So this could be you know like rent payments which happen every month or it could be liquidating users when the health Factor goes below a certain Threshold. We also offer a relay service which simply allows you to execute transactions or to put transactions on chain in a gasless manner and we abstract away some of the complexity there. So block reorgs or fail transactions also pricing the transactions correctly Etc. And the final thing is web3 functions which is sort of similar to automate but a bit more powerful since you can also access off-chain data and execute smart contract functions based on that off-chain data. Yeah and finally the other piece you might have in your sort of backend stack puzzle is some data storage solution like for example IPFS. It's actually worth noting that our web3 functions they're written in typescript. And that typescript the source code is deployed on IPFS so it's decentralized and it's immutable. So the agenda for this sort of quick presentation is to cover briefly coverage a lot of relay. Then discuss some Account Abstraction then discuss a Safe Session Module which allows the signed as trading and then just giving a very quick demo at the end. So Gelato Relay enables gasless transactions on all major EVM compatible Networks. First of all sort of more broadly what is a Relayer by definition? It really means to receive some information and then subsequently pass it on. So the in the context of web3 this means we have an EOA executing a transaction on someone else's behalf. So the EOA is receiving the transaction and then it is passing it on or putting it on chain. More specifically what is Gelato Relay? Gelato Relay is simply a decentralized network of these Relayers also known as executors. And it can be considered a sort of marketplace bring together two parties the first being developers wanting to relay users transactions and the second party being infrastructure operators which execute these transactions in exchange for a small fee. Now relaying has some interesting implications. The first being that the relay encouraged the gas fee and not the user since it is the relay who is putting the transaction on chain. And this is actually a really nice thing because it gives the the user having that transaction relayed unlimited freedom and how they want to handle the payments. So transactions can for example now be Self-Paying using any sort of tokenized asset for example USDC. Other ERC20 tokens like ERC721 is all like NFTâ€™s. We could support all the transactions can be sponsored. So a project can set up a balance on our service called one balance. And I can decide to for example sponsor uses NFT mints to offer sort of this like frictionless onboarding. The main point sort of being that the user is no longer restricted to paying in Native tokens. And also no longer restricted to paying at the time of execution. So we have these sort of deferred payments which gives us a lot of freedom it opens up. Some really cool use cases. Its a quick flow diagram of gases and attainment using a safe so this is a bit of a count abstraction which I'll sort of elaborate on later. Let's imagine we have some EOA. So this is sort of the owner of the safe in the case that we're using ECDSA. For example, this wallet has no ethereum. So it can't actually transact. But what it can do is it can build for example a Mint transaction. And it can sign this transaction using its private key this transaction can then be sent to Gelato to our executor service or relay service using our relay SDK . It makes it super easy and then one of our executors. We have this sort of decentralized network of executors we'll pick up this transaction. And then subsequently put it on-chain. So here we move from the off-chain world to the on-Chain world. This will call the safe contract and this can do sort of arbitrary signature verification whatever logic it wants to perform and then it can forward this Mint transaction to for example an NFT contract which then mints the NFT to the safe. So this is a really nice sort of flow. But you may have noticed that for sort of each transaction we want to execute, we have to sign the transaction and this is sort of a pop-up on metamask if we're using metamask or whatever wallet we're using. So ideally rather than signing each individual transaction we'd like to instead sign sort of one intent which creates a temporary session that has an expiry. And this session is associated with a certain public key and that public key is derived from a private key that we generate on the front end of our application. And this temporary wallet then signs all subsequent transactions and it can also support multiple concurrent sessions on for example multiple devices. So if we have you know like an exchange we can sign intents to say we want to trade for one hour now and all of the all of the subsequent transactions will be signed this. So we don't need to have all these metamask pop-ups for every individual trade we make. Same goes for like sort of gaming applications where each interaction doesn't have to be a meta must pop up a sort of sort of removes some of the immersion that the user would otherwise have what we can also do with the signs module is we can Define very strict whitelists. So we can say that we only want certain methods to be executed through our safe this is sort of a security thing and we can have sort of whatever criteria. We want to and finally we want to be able to execute transactions as long as the session is valid and as long as it satisfies this criteria so for example the whitelist but it could be other things as well.  Why are we using saves in the first place or account abstraction. The nice thing is that we essentially have these on-chain wallets which are fully programmable. And because they're fully programmable they can have arbitrary verification logic. So we can have ECDSA signers. So traditional EOS like metamask but we can also support native social login. We can also support session Keys sort of what we're covering today. Butt we could even have like biometric log and sort of fingerprints or face ID whatever we want really. We also have native Atomic multi-operations. So we can approve spending of a token. And then have it spent by a contract or within one transaction. It doesn't have to be two separate transactions. We also have semi-abtracted nonces. So we have these concurrent execution channels where we can execute one transaction sort of parallel. And we also have gases transactions which allow us to either sponsor transactions or pay using ERC20 tokens. And the super nice thing is that this is out of the box compatible with all existing smart contracts. Because we're using message sender this is sort of in contrast to trying to relay transactions using an EOA where we have to use a standard like ERC 2771. So how this works is we introduce a Safe Module we just call it like a Session Safe Module. It's essentially just a Singleton Safe Module which manages all sessions for all safes that are using it
9:03 so we have to do is deploy the Singleton. This is done by us. So the user doesn't actually have to do this. And then all the user has to do is enable this the module on their safe. And the way the interface with the safe module looks we have essentially all the features sort of outlined here we can create sessions using a session key we can specify duration. And also the public key of this sort of temporary wallet we've generated in our client. We can also whitelist transactions so we can have this like very specific criteria what we want to allow to execute. We can say we only want certain tokens to be able to be transferred from a safe etc. We can obviously also remove this white list. If we don't, we no longer want the transaction to be executable. And finally we can execute transactions given him a session ID which we've created up here and given the
transaction itself. So just to visualize the flow a bit we have a safe for step one is to on the safe enable this Gelato safe module. So on our safe we enable this safe module here. The second step is that the safe whitelists are Target contract or transaction in the Gelato safe so we go to our safe this is step two. And we whitelist this on the safe module we whitelist certain transactions that we want executable or an NFT contract this would for example be a Mint transaction. In step three we actually create our session so again we go through our save and that calls into our gelato safe module which then creates the session. And finally step four when we actually want to execute a transaction we can use this temporary session key. And we can relay a sponsored call using Gelato Relay directly to our Gelato Safe Module and this is whitelisted by the safe. So it can execute on behalf of the safe. And then call the Target contract to for example Mint on NFT. And yeah, now for a quick demonstration in this case we're not minting an NFT but rather we're just incrementing a counter just a super simple sort of showcase. And yeah we created like a small UI for it. Yeah so we can connect our metamask? First will demonstrate a non-signless transaction so just a regular transaction this is still being relayed. So it is gasless. So when I press trade this will increment the counter but first it will ask for a pop-up on our metamask. And this will ask for a signature so this is sort of what I was talking about earlier we have a signature pop-up every time we want to do this. We assign the signature again it's being reloaded so the gas is sponsored on our behalf. And this just takes a second and if we refresh the counter we should see it's incremented. Yeah and if we do this again. I won't actually execute it again. But if we do it again there'll just be another pop-up. And if you imagine this is an NFT game that sort of takes you out of the immersion because the metamask is popping up the whole time. So what we can do is we can enable the sinus module and this will ask for sort of one signature but the signatures only required once. And then we can for example you know press this trade button for the next hour. And it won't keep asking for pop-ups. Let's take one second, I think goerly may be a little slow at the moment. Let me try it again one second. Okay I think it was just an issue with the actual RPC. I think I was taking a second anyway now sinus is enabled. We can press trade. And this time around there's no meta Mask Clubhouse. So it's all just happening in the background and the message has been signed with the sort of wallet that we've created and stored in our browser temporarily. Yeah, so the count is incremented I can hit it again again no pop-up and this will be the case for the next you know sort of n minutes. I think it's at 60 in this case so one hour but it's sort of completely configurable and you could have completely different criteria. It doesn't have to be based on time it could be based on something completely different. Yep the card is not six. So yeah just to wrap up quick recap of the other services so this was Gelato Relay. The other service we offer is the ultimate service which allows you to do on-chain automation essentially performing any arbitrary computation without requiring user interaction. So like I said liquidations paying rent limit orders etc. And then we have web3 functions which is like sort of ultimate on steroids. It's written in typescript stored in IPFS and then run by gelato and these allow us to bridge the gap between multiple trains so by default you have these RPC providers which you can just natively use within this web3 function. And it also Bridges the gap between the on and off chain worlds. So we can use this to push for example price Oracle data on chain and that's what we do for pith for example and all these Services can be self-paying or sponsored using this Universal pay Master. We have which is called one balance and that works across all services and also all Networks. Yeah thank you very much for listening. That's all for now. If you want to check us out website is https://gelato.network . We also have a Discord a great developer Community if you want to check that out this is the invite link https://discord.com/invite/gelatonenetwork . Our Twitter handle is @gelatonetwork  and my Twitter handle is @benpricev . Thank you very much.

**Pooja** [13:44](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=824s):  Thank you so much Ben for this great presentation. It was really interesting to learn something new going on in the ecosystem. I see we have questions in chat. Haresh, if you would like to maybe read the question for the guests?

**Haresh Gedia** [16:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=960s): Yep sure so I guess I just wanted to understand if you could also do like a manual revoke on a safe or is it always time-bound? 


**Ben** [16:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=973s):  Yeah so just the first question that's absolutely something you could Implement in the model itself of course in the safe. You could always
unwireless this module. So you're sort of trusting this module but if you want you can always remove the white list or you can Implement some custom logic for extra verification. So it doesn't have to be time based you can have a manual thing to allow you to revoke sessions. For example like you mentioned yeah all possible and that's it's sort of just. It's possible because you can essentially Implement anything you want that's sort of the super nice thing about account abstraction that we have everything is like fully programmable so yeah.

**Haresh Gedia** [16:50](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1010s): Yeah that's awesome and the second question was is a safe created per smart contract a user wants to interact with or is there a single safe for like interacting with multiple functions.

**Ben** [17:02](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1022s): Yep so it would be a single safe and then you can interact you can it sort of replaces your EOA in a way. And you still have this sort of owning EOA in the case of saves obviously with like ERC 437 where we have like native account abstraction you no longer need the EOA. But the idea is that you have like one smart contract wallet. And that allows you to interact with all existing smart contracts sort of out of the box but you get these like nice properties which is that you can sort of have these custom like signature validation schemes. And you can basically program anything you want so you can have like rent payments every month etc. Also worth noting on the UI. If you don't already have a safe it will automatically create a safe for you and that's part of this like account obstruction SDK that we offer yeah. 

**Haresh Gedia** [17:45](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1065s): Brilliant thank you so much.

**Pooja** [17:49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1069s):  I see there is another question in the chat. Joshua? if you would like to read it for the guest.

**Joshua** [17:54](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1074s): Sure I was just elaborating on what you had just said but my understanding was that the safe can be replaced with any smart contract wallet and the setup is that correct?

**Ben** [18:03](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1086s):  Yep exactly and there's so many out there. So you can really just sort of pick and choose even create your own if you want. The idea with safe is obviously that you can use save as sort of this like smart contract account kernel and then you can extend it with these modules but obviously you can't just create your own as well.

**Joshua** [18:18](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1098s): Yeah okay I did have another question. So I think gas deference and stainless transactions with like an abstraction are absolutely huge for a feeding them for any EVM compatible blockchain. I'm curious how gelato thinks about the security model for like its end users? And how they approach Security in this new paradigm and also how Gelato thinks about security internally and like its own code and Audits and things like that.

**Ben** [18:43](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1123s): Yep great question! So all our code is obviously audited not just the smart contracts but this sort of back end that we have. And the idea of gelato is it's not just this sort of single point of failure relay system but rather so Gelato's bread and Bottles this like decentralized network of executors which Powers all of these services. And we're sort of moving. We have multiple executors already in our network. But we're moving towards making that like fully permissionless so that anyone can sort of contribute. So it essentially emulates like a blockchain.


**Joshua** [19:14](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1154s): Amazing thank you.

**Pooja** [19:19](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1159s): I have another question with respect to EIP. You mentioned about account abstraction but we also noticed that there are some certain features which also allows to not pay native tokens so which is the EIP being used here is it EIP #4337 / #3074 or anything else? 

**Ben** [19:35](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1175s): So this is not 4337 it's not native account abstraction sort of instead in this case we're using one balance which is a sort of pay master. In this case it's an off-chain pay master. And we're actually working currently on getting that integrated with 4337. But obviously you could use 4337 and have this sort of on-chain pay Master which can accept ERC 20 tokens or also sponsor transactions. So it's sort of like a different way of doing the same thing in a way but yeah it's not 4337.

**Pooja** [20:05](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1205s): Yeah all right I'm aware that 3074 perhaps provide this facility to pay it in any other token rather than the native token. So you may take a look at that proposal or in other in any case if you guys are trying to come up with a new EIP, we would always welcome something new or in the ethereum ecosystem. Next point I wanted to mention here was about the use cases so you talked about gasless and NFT Mint like that is a really good use case here like there are so many people involved in NFT. Have you recently seen any other use case those are being used on Gelato Network by any other users or implementers.

**Ben** [20:43](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1243s): Yeah we see really cool use cases are like a list or anything prepared but we had. Yeah some really cool ones NFT minting of NFTâ€™s are pretty huge gaming is also sort of tough thing to take off. So that's that's really big. And there's also a lot of throughput there and obviously both of these you
2really want a really nice onboarding experience because you're trying to onboard like web 2. So having gases transactions are sort of essential. There also lots of exchanges. We're sort of focusing on dexes a lot also very high volume obviously and it would be nice not to have to pay gas there as well so this guy's sort of the limit. Though I mean most protocols I think could benefit from almost the absolute benefit from gases transactions.

**Pooja** [21:24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1284s): Absolutely an onboarding web community one of the big use cases I can say that. So definitely kudos for that. The other thing during the demonstration you mentioned about using The Goerli Network. I was just wondering have you guys considered switching to cephella network I know holesky is not ready yet. But these are going to be the public test net which would be available or maintained by Ethereum Developers for a long time. 

**Ben** [21:52](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1312s): I think so yeah absolutely, the testing is super important to us. Yeah I also think early is sort of a bit outdated at this point so I think we're definitely considering switching. Yeah it should be a really nice sort of testing setup where you can test everything sort of on testnet and then deployment and should have exactly the same behavior. So yeah we're considering all the test networks as well it's worth noting that we don't just support goerli but also like Mumbai if you want to test on sort of the polygon test net and sort of all the other test nets for these big chains. 

**Pooja** [22:20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1340s): Yeah that is awesome so Goerli is going to be replaced by Holesky. We are expecting its launch here somewhere this month like by the end of September. Once that is like ready we can perhaps recommend you to switching on to Holesky but in the meantime sepolia is another test Network which is publicly available for testing dabs.

**Ben** [22:41](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1361s): Super cool. Yeah thank you.

**Pooja** [22:44](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1364s): All right I think I'm done with a list of questions I wonder if anyone else has any other question for you? Very well thank you so much Ben for this presentation here. It was really interesting to learn about another project with in the ecosystem that may be useful for many normal user many web2 user and people who are looking into creating projects making smart contracts with the help of a Gelato Network. We wish you all the best thank you so much for taking our time to be here today.

**Ben** [23:21](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1401s): Thank you so much for having me and yeah thank you for all the questions.

## 1. Ethereum network upgrades

**Pooja** [23:26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1406s): Let's move ahead for Ethereum Cat Herders meeting 118. The first item on
the agenda here is ethereum Network upgrade as we know we have now received two new EIPâ€™s for Dencan upgrade. Those are EIP-7514 and the proposal is about add Max Epoch activation churn limit. Here the target shown is 8. And the another proposal that has been added is related it's called EIP- 7516 BLOBBASEFEE Opcode. This makes us to have 9 proposals on Dencun upgrade. As I was mentioning about Holesky launch date has been moved to September 28. We are hoping to have its Genesis on September 28th. However, we are hoping to upgrade this test net to Shapella, which was the last upgrade of ethereum network somewhere on Epoch: 256 which is expected around September 29. Please check out the link added to the agenda for the GitHub repository of Holesky to get more details about its launch time and the specs available. Last week there was a bug detected in Geth because of that was affected by block construction bug. The team has released Geth v1.13.1 hotfix. This would be fixing the block production issues among other similar issues. The incident highlighted ethereum's unique strength of client diversity. The chain ran smoothly despite the issue and I have added here a Twitter thread thanking to various client implementation team and their trade-offs of running different clients here. 


## Cancun & Deneb upgrade

For Cancun and denub upgrade we have added respective GitHub repository to follow the latest specs on execution and Consensus Layer. 

## Dencun Interop Testing Call 31 [2023-09-18]

Last week we had Dencun Interop testing call check out the recording for meeting 31. This is an extension to EIP #4844 earlier most of the testing was based on EIP# 4844 but now that we are close to launching to the public test net. We are hoping to have all the EIPâ€™s included for testing. People can follow this testing call which happens every other Monday. For reference we have added  EIP -4844 Readiness checklist which shares where we are with EIP - 4844 for people to know EIP #4844 is the anchor EIP for Dencun upgrade. We will certainly be added by more EIPâ€™s. Yeah and I think we have added the list of all those EIPâ€™s in the useful resources section. So for Dencun upgrade we have been talking to authors to understand these proposals. Here is a list on the agenda of all the EIPâ€™s that we have to we have collected information so far. Please check out the link for individual talk. We are hoping to have authors for EIP- 7516 and EIP-7514 which are recently added will try to get them on the call and will make available the recording for the community. 
##Useful resources. There is this very good blog post by Terence on navigating ethereum's 2024 consensus. Here he is talking about the technical debt point of what we are?, where we are with respect to consensus layer? Ben Edgentin, a developer of take who also said that clients are constantly sprinting for 5years, almost 5 years we can say that because the launch was formerly in 2020 December. So it's really been exhausting and they believe that the consensus layer team could use a little breather here. There are multiple things aligned for Ethereum's road map. The next big thing could be the Verkle try. And this upgrade would be on the execution layer and for consensus layer nothing big particularly planned. However this can be just housekeeping cleaning up. Max EB is another thing that is being considered however. 

## Changes included in the Network Upgrade - Dencun

We will learn more about what will be Beyond Dencun and upcoming developers meeting. Not to forget EOF is another big proposal that is expected with the execution layer in near future. So we have added a list of changes with respect to network upgrade Dencun. Please check out the link added to the agenda. I do not have a recording for EOF implementers meeting 23. I will check and hopefully we'll have it soon. But the next EOF implementers meeting is planned for Wednesday a week from today. 

## 3. Events, Fellowship, Hackathon

On events fellowship and hackathon as we know devconnect is planned in November.  ERC team are trying to have a session with ethereum cat herders  I have added a hack MD for a details of what we are planning right now. This is being led by our ERC editor Victor. The program name is going to be ERC @ Devconnect. And our goal is to kind of foster a collaborative environment where ERC authors and dab Builders can learn from each other. We are still finalizing the events but on a high level you should expect some technical sharing and feedback loop for ERC's we are working with the team to secure a room a venue at Istanbul. And yeah we will be providing more information with a blog post on Ethereum Cat Herders medium. So stay tuned for that but in the meantime please check out to this hackMD to get some overview of what we are going to do there. If you have any thoughts suggestion. Please reach out to us on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord. You can reach out to me or you can reach out to Victor directly to share your thoughts and ideas there is another event coming up in India which is called EthIndia that is planned in the month of December. It would be from 8 to 10 December. I remember someone in the group one wanted to have something planned for EthIndia. I'm not sure if there is anything that they would like to share it right away but yeah it would be really nice to have something planned there if we have Representatives.

**Santosh** [31:10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1870s): Yeah we will check if we if one of us can represent the folks who are in Bangalore in India especially to share some swags or talk about ECH if there is a opportunity. So we'll figure it out maybe in the next ECH meeting we'll have more details on this.

**Pooja** [31:31](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1891s): Sounds good it's interesting to have contributors all over the world we will try to like make to the events wherever possible. And yeah we have a lot of contributors from India. So it would be really nice to have representation in India which is one of the biggest events organized in India. Moving on the next one is a new initiative Association and team discussion section. I think the first item here is about Twitter blue check right now Ethereum Cat Herders Twitter is not a paid version of that. But I suppose Santosh has certain ideas. Santosh, if you would like to share them please. 

## 4. New initiative/association/team discussion
**Santosh** [32:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1933s): Yeah so I've added in the agenda as well this is this is on the social media right Pooja? Sorry I missed.

**Pooja** [32:21](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1941s): That is right.

## Twitter (blue check)

**Santosh** [32:23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1943s): Yes okay. So a couple of them like to we'll try to be super engaged in the Twitter Forum platform. Basically, I have sharing at least 1- 2 tweets every day. And also we did retweeting a lot of Community discussions which is happening around ethereum so that is one. And also we'll try to have a lot of meetings Q A's been tweeted. So that we are able to gain more engagement from the community. And also Pooja, I would request if we  can have a paid plan of Twitter that would be really great. So that will be able to, will not have a limitation of the character limits right now which we face. 

**Pooja** [33:11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=s): 
I find that a good idea in terms that Twitter blue check will provide us a lot of facility we can you know make longer tweets as Santosh mentioned and apart from that it will like give an impression of being a what do you call is like trusted and Devon. Although it is kind of vague line over there but just wondering if anyone has any objection on that or have different parts that we should not go ahead with the idea. All right it seems like no one is objecting not at least in this meeting. So we can have that thing done work with Santosh on that. And we will try to get the blue check done. 


**Santosh** [34:02](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=1991s): Thank you.


### Ecosystem Project Demo

**Pooja** [34:04](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2044s): The next one is ecosystem project demo. So far we have five projects demoed including today's. Please check out the playlist add it to the agenda for earlier projects demo if you have missed it. And I would like to take this opportunity to maybe reach out to all the app developers or projects. So in the Ethereum ecosystem if you would like to let Community know about your project we welcome you to join us on Tuesday's meeting. And maybe you can share about your project give a brief presentation demo how does it work and be in our Discord. So if there are any further questions in future may be able to respond to them we encourage people to check out the DAP channel. Yes it's the dapps channel at Ethereum Cat Herders. You can share about your project on the channel. And yeah take questions from the community if there are any. 
The next one is create a video series. I do not see ziki on the call maybe we'll take it up in the next meeting. Moving forward we have contributors to send weekly tweets. So we just received an update from Santosh that  it's ongoing right now. So that's a good thing to have. I think I missed adding here okay Meet the Herders. So Meet the Herders is a new program a new initiative by Haresh Gedia. I would like to invite him to maybe talk about it and where we are on that.

**Haresh Gedia** [35:42](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2142s): Hey so the good news is we have one episode with Pooja and I will be recording the second episode with Victor on the 28th. So at least for the month of October, I think we should be covered given the Cadence we are looking at there's once every two weeks. And I will also be reaching out to new members. I'm going to schedule one with William. And I need to get more heads in that interview so Pooja or someone else might need to give a reach out or nudge to to some prominent members down the line. But yeah I'm looking forward to to have it edited I'm working on a text version for it. And we should be publishing it shortly. I'm happy to take any questions on that.

**Pooja** [36:43](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2203s): That's awesome! I think we should include more of the active members as well as some of the ephemeral members who have contributed or may have helped founded this ethereum categories group. It would be really nice to hear from them how they feel about the group. And from the current members as well their motivation for contribution, we want to build a community. And I believe coming directly from the contributors will help us grow this community. And we are currently working on some of the images video editing things in the background. But hopefully we should be ready with the first episode real soon. And for people to know this is going to be in three different form it will be available in the text form the interview in a video form as well as on the podcast at Ethereum Caterers podcast.  Alright, at this point we welcome any new ideas for Community engagement if people may have, I would love to see comments to the agenda. If people have any new idea please feel free to add them in upcoming meetings comments so we can add that and agenda. And maybe able to collect some thoughts from people or the group where we are having hit here. So yeah we can discuss it there. 
## 5. General updates/discussion
The next one is Journal updates and discussion. We have added stats as well as our active social media link you can follow us on Twitter join Discord, follow our YouTube channel LinkedIn. And we would love for you to share this information more people we have in our community that will help us increase the reach of content we are sharing with people most of our contents are related to ethereum upgrade, Network upgrade and
EIP. So it will be really good to build a community where we can engage more people into protocol development. Talking about protocol development as I mentioned in in the earlier meetings that we are working towards having an ethereum protocol women contributors group anyone out listening to this call if interested in joining that group and may be able to help us contribute to any specific client the language of their choice or ethereum testing and any other thing please feel free to reach out to me. I'll be happy to put you in touch with us at tough right people right group who can help you mentor. And help you contribute to the ethereum protocol development.  
On ECH engineering I remember having a pull request last week. George if you have any updates on Cat Herders website.

**George** [39:48](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2388s): Yeah so when it came when it comes to the website I had a couple new EIPâ€™s to the Dencun page. it seems that there's always new EIPâ€™s that are changing in that inclusion list. So added two most recent ones. One that actually needs to be removed now, that I forgot to do. And there'll be some more updates coming up as well in terms of updating the network upgrades page. And also creating the new PEEPanEIP page which is decide for that is pretty beautiful so.

**Pooja** [40:37](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2437s): It's really funny but I think this is not that happens usually with Ethereum network upgrade.We try to avoid having EIPâ€™s added. When we are very close to public test net but this happened because those proposals were like really trivial client teams were comfortable adding them. And we hope to get that updated on the website. One thing, I think we missed in yesterday's call was about holesky Network. I am not sure if we have provided any information about Holesky. So it would be really good idea to have some information made available there.

**George** [41:15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2475s): Should I include that in the Dencun page or should I put that somewhere else?

**Pooja** [41:20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2480s): No it could be in the dencun page where we are adding all the devnets updates. I think we are there till Devnet 9. I mean at least with the specs of devnet 9 we can perhaps add the page for Holesky where people can follow and if we get any particular spec hackMD available we will add that too.

**George** [41:39](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=s): Okay I'll include that to the to-do list then.

**Pooja** [41:44](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2499s): All right and you can find some basic information on the holesky testnet the link added to the agenda which was included in item number one. 
Moving on, as George was mentioning about the proposed design for a PEEPanEIP page, we are hoping to. Okay there's a question in the chat. I don't think we have created it yet but yes George, can we maybe take it
into consideration.

**George** [42:20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2540s): Yeah that'll be the next PR then.

**Pooja** [42:23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2543s): All right yes that that was on our agenda we were discussing that in the website meeting but. That's a very interesting fun fact Joshua! According to him Dencun is now tied with Byzantium for the most EIPâ€™s included in the ethereum update. That's nice to know. All right people may take a look at the proposed design for PEEPanEIP, if they have any suggestion feel free to share it with us. There is a website channel on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord where they can share their ideas. The next section is about is it operations. we are sharing YouTube updates on community playlist people can find short videos over there. And I am not sure we are having this item on agenda about splitting the ECH meeting video to create a general Community update video and share it with their Community do we still want to go ahead with that Santosh? Or you think we can perhaps cover it with tweet section. 

**Santosh** [43:33](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2613s): We can cover it with tweets maybe we can remove this.

**Pooja** [43:38](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2618s): Sounds good. Yeah I think we are already making a lot of messages going out where tweet. Last week we saw the EIPIP meeting highlight that was good to have. We can perhaps share this kind of General Community update with tweet as well as we'll try to cover some of them in the newsletter. On ECH podcast I think we have covered till the recording shared on PEEPanEIP. Here is the link added to ethereum cat herders podcast for all the video recorded for PEEP and hopefully with the meet the cat heders Series in future we'll try to have an audio version for you available on podcast. There are multiple platform please check out the page and whatever is your favorite platform you can follow our recordings on podcast the Ethereum Cat Herders podcast. Moving on to the EIPs insight and EIPs Insight Website. As I can see there are 20 new drafts added in the month of September. We are almost towards the end of the month but we have received a huge number of proposal. And draft 20 is quite big we have 12 proposals for review and 11 in last call. There are 6 proposals which have been promoted to final status and 60 EIPs / ERCs have been moved to stagnant. This is because of inactivity for over two months or so. I would highly recommend the two authors to stay around if you have questions or concerns with your EIP. You are invited to join us on the EIP editing office
Hour, which we hold every other Tuesday. Like this Tuesday we have Canada's meeting and the next Tuesday we will have the EIP editing office hour you can find information on EIPIP GitHub issue section. Or you can check out our event section on ethereum cat herders discord. Please reach out to us if you have any PR. Add them to the comment to the agenda and we'll be happy to discuss. We are joined by EIP editor Sam Wilson to answer questions if you have any. But please stick around to move your proposal, do not let them move to stagnant status. On PEEPanEIP we have recently released a episode on EIP 5656 and in future we have planned EIP
7514 at Max epox with dapline on October 3rd. We are hoping to learn more about Holeskey testnet with the Paritosh and Barnabas and Afri on October 11th. This would be weeks after the launch of Holesky. So we are hoping to get some information shared by the team how Community can join how testing team can join how people who want to participate as a validator for this test net may be able to join. We expect to have some resources around that so please mark the calendar October 11th at 18:30 UTC. EOF is a set of proposals which we may be expecting in Prague upgrade which would be right after the dencun upgrade. And we would love to start learning about these proposals. So the first meeting with Danny farain on October 17th is planned to learn what is EOF and what are the proposals related to that. There are a bunch of proposals which are currently in draft status we hope to get some finalization on that like which version we will be getting into. We can follow most of the conversation related to EOF on EOF  implementers meeting that happens every other Wednesday. That's on PEEPanEIP schedule you can follow the link to the agenda where you can find Future meetings. On meeting notes an action item it seems like we have notes for all the meetings here. We have meeting for all core Dev
Execution notes 170, all core Dev consensus notes 118, EIPIP meeting 90 and we do have EIP editing office hour meeting 25 recording and agenda are for  meeting 26. For meeting 26 if you have any open pull request you want any feedback of editor you have any questions why is it not being merged or anything related to that please join us on the next office hour. That pretty much concludes all the item listed for today. I wonder if people have any other item thoughts that they would like to share and bring up for this meeting or maybe for the future meeting. 

Very well thank you everyone for joining us today. I hope to see you all around on Discord Channel and in the next meeting 2 weeks from now have a great  everyone.

**Haresh Gedia** [49:22](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJd3aqKHyjo&t=2962s): Thank you bye.


**Attendees**

* **Pooja Ranjan**
* **Santosh**
* **Haresh Gedia**
* **George Hervey**
* **BEN**
* **Joshua**

## Next Meeting Date/Time: Oct 10, 2023 at 14:00 UTC
