# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 67 Notes

### Meeting Date/Time: Sep 14, 2021, at 15:00 UTC

### Meeting Duration: 0.5 hours

### GitHub Agenda Page

### [Recording of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwFqgTl3WFA)

### [Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/227)

### Moderator - Pooja ranjan

### Notes -  darkfire-rain 

----

## DECISION ITEMS

**DECISION 67.1**: Schedule another new joiner meeting to increase community interaction.

**DECISION 67.2**: Ken will work on the community building. 

---

# 1. ECH updates

**Pooja**: Welcome to ethereum cat herders meeting 67. I just have shared the agenda in Chat so the pre item as we have it on the agenda is introduction to any new member or the contributors or anyone who joins the discord community and would like to participate in this meeting so I see a couple of new names here though we have organized a new community meetings members Yesterday but still for this meeting I know this is your first time and if you would like to go ahead and introduce your trip to the group please feel free I can go

**Joshua**: Hi everyone i'm joshua from scotland in the uk currently i'm working as the community lead for ephedium.org and I joined the call because I was chatting with puja last week about how I could collaborate and to see if there was anything I could do to help with the cat herders in any way

**Jasper**: Oh hi i'm jasper i'm just looking wes looking for ways to contribute to ethereum community and I joined yesterday to sort of an intro call and this is basically a result of it I think

**Pooja**: It's nice to meet you everybody welcome to the ethereum catalyst meeting it was nice of you to join the meetings yesterday So that's our new participants of this call.
 
## ECH website updating
**Pooja**:  let's go ahead with the agenda items the first item listed here is ech website updating though I don't see anyone from the website team on the call but we have an ongoing communication on our discord so we have requested some changes some updates to the ethereum cad headers website like people can refer to the github link which is added to the agenda item so that's a place where we create an issue in case we would want to update any of the information on the website on an ongoing basis and the team tries to like make it live we have requested for some changes like one of those that I can mention here is removal of dot html from our address bar so we are working on it and we hope to see updates very soon there are some issues we are trying to talk to the team I hope we can have a discussion outside this call and get it resolved so the website will be updated and for community if you find any information related to any of the resources that you would like to be added the link on our website you can simply go ahead and create an issue and from there it will be taken care of the next item is 

## ECH Engineering
**Pooja**: ech engineering alita has left some comments unfortunately she isn't available to make this call today she mentioned that she would be working later this week on the ech engineering task we hope to get more updates in the coming weeks.

## Cat blazers

**Pooja**:  moving on to the cat blazers william has published a monthly recap actually for two months august and september the link is provided in the agenda item william if you would like to go ahead and talk a little bit more about that 

**William**: its pretty much all in the article it's a basic recap of activities from july and august I try to provide just like a monthly recap of what i've been involved with yeah I can't think of much else to add to it

## London upgrade NFT distribution
**Pooja**: that's nice yeah I have added the link in the agenda item so people may refer to the contributions that has been made in the past two months and if someone is interested in doing similar tasks please reach out to william shaw the next one listed here is london upgrade nft distribution we have recently published a blog providing the details of the nft distribution like the team that we had distributed and the number of nfds that went out we have been approached by a couple of more teams like individuals as well so if someone who has contributed to the london upgrade and hasn't received an nft and is interested in getting the london nft please reach out to the ethereum cathode if you can reach me william schwab or william jean from our team and we'll try to get it sent to your wallet the next item is

## Eip insight 
**Pooja**: Eips insight is something new that we have started from the last month so it's basically the collection of all the proposals that are moving from one status to another or they are coming new to the system so I have published a one update for the month of august and i'm hoping to publish like every month like number of proposals that is getting into the system and like you know we are updating right with the help of eip bot that alita alita created and with about we are trying to move a bunch of proposals which are inactive for over six months of period to the stagnant stage any of the author who is interested in pursuing their proposal and it is marked as a stagnant by the bot please reach out to us or you can always create a pull request requesting a status change to reflect the correct status of your proposal moving on to the beep and e-book so in the last two weeks we recorded one episode on the vocal tree with dan crad feast so this virtual tree is currently a research topic it is in early stages of research we have a proto eep however vitalik had given a presentation the video can be found on the ethereum categories youtube and we would be expecting a proper documentation of the proposal in the coming months dank gave a detailed presentation explaining different approaches and the proposals that research team is considering currently the get team is working on the implementation the proposal is expected to be on the main net after the merge so like it's still a little far in the roadmap of ethereum to learn more about it it's highly recommended to watch the full episode on peep and eap at ethereum cathars youtube the next recording is scheduled for tomorrow at 1830 utc with roll and terrance from the prismatic Labs we can expect a talk on the client implementation for altair upgrade which is a beacon chain upgrade in the prism client
and the road map ahead for the prism if you have got any question for the gaster we request you to share it with us the atvm cat holders either you can do that on the ethereum cat orders general channel or we have a reddit post where we are collecting questions so feel free to post the question and if you are like a validator or you have questions you want to be part of the meeting please reach out to us on the tv and cathode is discord so that's on penny 

## Meeting notes
**Pooja**: The next item here listed is it meeting notes and the action items for the ech team we have meeting notes up for all quarter meeting one two one it's still not much but the link is provided in the Channel we are waiting on a consensus meeting 72 which is like earlier known as ethereum
2.0 implementers meeting now that a lot of renaming has been done from execution layer to consensus layer the meeting has been renamed we are expecting this note so I  hope by today and there was another meeting for merch merch meeting nine the recording was
released just yesterday so we may expect the notes by wednesday for eipip meeting the meeting is planned just once a month and we already have the meeting notes for the last meeting meeting 40 uploaded in the github repository and we expect to have the next meeting on september 22 at 1500 utc so that's all from the first agenda item if I missed anything and anyone wants to add I hope not I hope not I haven't missed anything here on the recap part moving on to the next section it's a new ideas and like we wanted to discuss something new kind of brainstorming time for people to share their ideas So it was discussed in the last meeting Like getting ways to involve a new people to the ethereum space and with a bunch of new people joining in we organized the first new community members meeting yesterday this was just for the introduction and exchange of thoughts that they have and they would want to contribute to the ethereum ecosystem so a few thoughts that were surfaced in the meeting yesterday was improvement in get documentation like obviously not only in get but in other
client also we have scope of improvement in the documentation people were looking to understand how to know exactly where they can contribute and whom to reach out and what are the best resources like where to look into for the right set of information like these were questions they were generally asked and some of the participants showed interest in like content writing and building resources which we can definitely use we have ethereum cad headers medium blog and we would be happy to publish blogs and information on ongoing topics anything from proof of chain to proof of mistake maybe about eip1559 the implementation
how projects are adopting that or if people want to talk about upcoming proposals if they would like to publish anything related to validators for be contained we'll be happy to publish that so if you are interested and you have bandwidth please reach out to me the another uh
the another space where we can use some help is the ech website that this page provides information on whatever is there for the upgrade and like at the moment is mostly about proof of work chain but we would like to provide more and more information about proof of
stake as well so if someone has time and have some information that they think would be right for the cathedral's page or maybe the resources we can put you in touch with the right team like the team that is supporting the calgary's website right now and yes we'll be happy to have some contribution in that site everything is managed via github so you just have to create either an issue or maybe a pull request will look into that aspect some people were also interested in like cad blazers activity like william is leading that connecting projects with right set of people and group so we have william shaw on the team so reach out to him and I would recommend connecting offline maybe to work out Things there is one thing that I think would be useful to mention here we are looking for some help for promotional content building and distribution
maybe volunteers with skills that could help with related video editing and maybe content to share information about proposals or upgrades please reach out to us on Ethereumcathertris.com so that's like the kind of summary that of the meeting that we had and the general opinion for the call was that it was helpful talking and getting answered to questions and they don't know like whom to ask and then they can come to this small meetings and they can ask so i'm considering another call maybe in two weeks so we can get few more people like we already have a couple of onboarding applications filled up I know we have people from the last meeting if anyone wants to add anything Here please simply I hope I haven't already lost my participants of the meeting nice thank you so the another item for this particular topic is community building and education I believe ken on the call he is a community ambassador for consensus and wanted to share some ideas on community building education involving like cat holders so ken if you would like to go ahead and talk about it
## 3. Hackathon
**ken** yes there were a couple opportunities that I wanted to look into one was a couple of hackathon preparations another was onboarding and the need to fill the assistance with our website there are a couple of individuals that I have in mind that would like to help and assist so they would need to complete the onboarding process for ech and from there would be able to connect with the appropriate individuals to be assigned tasks and roles so that they could contribute to the group and that's that's the the top part right now and some other things down the pipeline preparing into the beginning of next year as well were some activities on my mind one it was seen about doing a presentation event at the east builders nyc and letting the ethereum community know about ech and about ways they can help contribute to the organization also Our thoughts that I would like to see about us being able to do would be very very nice awesome

**Pooja** well thanks ken yeah of course like the onboarding process is very simple here we have an onboarding form that people might want to fill up and and then we'll reach out to them individually and we'll be happy to put them in touch with the right set of people we already have a channel website on the ethereum cad herders Discarder they can follow the discussion ongoing discussion over there but in case of issue in doubt feel free to reach out to Me and yes also we are willing to participate to different events and hackathons and talk about the ethereum cat herders and if that is like on a on like multi blockchain level conferences then of course on ethereum side this this is a good segment for our next topic it's events and hackathons we have listed quite a few Hypotense those are in the month of september eat online that is going to start from september 17th and it will last for about a month until october 15th minute 2021 summit that's planned between september 20 to 22 and i'm hoping to make a representation of ethereum cat hurdles in that similarly we have a wyoming blockchain stampede that starts from september 21-26 we have requested for a talk but haven't received any confirmation Yet we'll update on that and last month I gave a presentation on edcon 2021 that is for the improving ethereum with eips it's a good presentation for people who are trying to learn about eips just a big summary of what proposal is and how the process goes along so we are like looking into participating into different events to talk about cat holders to talk about the improvements governance and everything cathodes are involved in that goes  right so the ethereum cathode is we are also trying to help out with the hackathon even preparation and like be a community partner promote the event invite more participants like hackers and yeah let the new developers get an opportunity to build something so yeah I can talk to you like maybe after this call for the new york Blockchain center hackathon that you just mentioned other than that I want to share one more Information there is this group they reached out to us that is called  hack cbs 4.0 they are having a new hackathon planned in the month of october we are in touch with the team and will try to be an organizer these are
a student-led hackathon organized in India so if any team or any group they are organizing hackathon and they would like us to get involved we'll be happy to support in any possible way moving on the 

## ECH funding
next item here is ech funding we have a new round of bitcoin going on um
and we already have received a decent amount of contribution from Multiple users let me just pull out the record and I can actually read out the numbers here so we have received over 900 dollars from 85 contributors so far thank you everyone for contributing and extending your
support to ethereum cat hurdles we have updated the the page and that provides the information of our media report like it's not exactly the media but it contains the information for the path that we will that we did in the month in the quarter of quality 2 and quarter 3 2021 so once again thank you so much for supporting ethereum cat herders I don't know maybe in a week or so william shop would you like to tweet more about it and like for the git going round especially what do you think 

**William** definitely tweeting for the grants is a great idea i've just been a bit busy with other things back and trying to get some effort into that 

**Pooja**  nice yeah that the thread was really interesting about the ethereum cathedral so yeah we we can have some theme oriented and that is like really catchy it helps people to connect all right so we are close to 30 minutes and we are now on the discus and close of ech github issues and pr I know I don't see any new issue here on the pm section and on the funding side we have couple Of open requests I will try to initiate the transaction on this week yeah that's that's about it

## Outstanding action items
**Pooja**: going to the review of outstanding action items from the previous meeting I suppose we do not have a list of summary here like decision or action items that's missing i'll reach out to the resource and ask him to add that there but my understanding it we have mostly covered the topics that were discussed in the last meeting so that's all about it whatever were listed on the agenda item if people have any other thought any other thing that they would like to bring it in the meeting please feel free we have some time we can discuss it I would love to hear more thoughts on on new ideas i'm sorry brent you were trying to say something I saw mute and mute

**Brent** yeah I should have been more prepared but but I got an email from someone about the cat herders stuff asking me to participate in some reviews or stuff but anyway i'm kind of lost and i'm looking for that page right now trying to find I wanted to ask for more I apologize for not being ready for that
but i'm looking for the email right now but any it wasn't from github it was from some other tool and but anyway I just wondered if anyone that I was trying to get but anyway so i'll try and prepare more and post it questions about in the forum and stuff so apologize for that yeah it was some cat herder stuff it had to do with the meeting notes and someone was asking me to review
the the meeting notes that they had says six meeting 66 or something like that but it wasn't from github is from a different tool and I didn't know how to use that tool i'm trying to think where i'm looking for that email yeah yeah yeah it was the fireflight tool I Think and then yeah I just hadn't wanted to apologize I haven't done anything like because i'm not quite sure what that or I  was trying to figure out but I didn't have a lot of time but anyway apologize for not knowing what to do or doing anything on that 

**Pooja** no no worries at all so yeah i'm taking care of that I have asked the resource like not to add the bots and ai's yeah I have been asked earlier too we are trying to keep it like keep it more human presence and sorry for that email that that should be fine i'll be taking care of that no spot  so that sounds good I think we are all covered and I would like to hear more ways and ideas of like increasing this group and increasing support to the ethereum client team and ethereum ecosystem in general so maybe from the next meeting onward if people have thoughts they can reach out to me earlier like prior to the meeting and i'll add that as an agenda item in specific so they can share their ideas and if they need any kind of support leading that idea cataracts will try to help out with that thanks bye.

## Attendees
* Pooja

* Brent

* William

* Ken

* Edson

* Joshua

* Jasper
* 
## Next meeting Sep 28, 2021

