# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 94
### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday 26 September 2022 at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 37:54
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/317)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qIbN8SKGq4)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Metago

---

## COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION 

**Proposed Change in Core EIP Process**: If interested in participating, you can find the discussion link [here](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/core-eips-in-an-executable-spec-world/8640)
**Ethereum events**: If interested in sharing your ethereum related event, please reach out to us on discord, and we can share it in the next ECH meeting. 
**EIP Authors**: If interested in asking questions or learning more about the EIP editing process, please join us at our EIP editing office hours. The zoom link is in the ECH Discord. 
**Learn2Earn** : If you want to learn more about EIPs and get GitPOAP, you can try the Learn2Earn app from ECH [here](https://l2e.ethereumcatherders.com/) 
**Podcasts** : You can find informational ECH podcasts links on the Ethereum Cat Herders website.

## Action Items

1. ECH may try Huddle 01 in a future ECH meeting to expolore decentralized Zoom options. 
2. ECH will create a dedicated Discord channel to discuss funding opportunities
3. ECH will create a dedicated Discord channel to discuss POS related issues. 
4. ECH website may have a Shanghai page dedicated to the Shanghai upgrade soon. 
5. Pooja will look into creating an information sharing platform for EIP editors and the ECH engineering team to discuss who is working on which part of the EIP bot and EIP V. 


---

# Agenda

## 1. Ethereum Network Upgrades

### [The Merge](https://ethereumcatherders.com/the_merge/), [Ethereum Mainnet Merge Viewing Party](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx-jYgI0QVI), [Shanghai](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/master/network-upgrades/mainnet-upgrades/shanghai.md), [Capella](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/tree/dev/specs/capella)

**Pooja**[0:00](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4)

Welcome everyone to Ethereum Cat Herders meeting 94. I have shared agenda in chat. The first item listed here is Ethereum Network upgrade. We have seen the merge, the last Network upgrade deployed on 15th of September. I have added link to the video, the Ethereum mainnet merge viewing party for people, if they are interested to follow. It was a great event live hot swap of proof of work to proof of stake. It was an eventful time for Ethereum community. So yeah, people, if you missed, please follow along. We have tried to update Ethereum Cat Herders website, so you can probably get some information over there. 

### Proposed Change in the Core EIP process: Core EIPs in an executable spec world [Proposal](https://notes.ethereum.org/@timbeiko/executable-eips) and [Discussion](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/core-eips-in-an-executable-spec-world/8640)
We will be expecting some change in process for the core EIP. I have added link to the proposal and discussion thread to Fellowship of Ethereum magician. The Proposal is to have certain changes for core EIPs which are considered for Ethereum Network upgrade only. This will not affect the Ethereum Improvement proposals standardization process for any other category or type. If you have any thoughts, suggestion and want to participate, please leave your comment on discussion link. We are hoping to get this proposal into active discussion, maybe in three to four weeks down the line. Any question, comments so far?

## 2. Events & Hackathon [Devcon](https://devcon.org/) Oct 11-14, 2022, [ETHIndia](https://ethindia.co/) Dec 2nd - 4th, 2022. 

**Pooja**[02:30](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=150)
Well those were mostly updates. A few more updates on events and hackathon. As we are aware, Devcon that is expected next month. It's less than 20 days there, October 11 to 14th is the main Devcon event where there are a few more events organized in South America, near Bogota, so you may check out for all those events. ETH India is also planning a big event in association of the global that would be in the month of December 2nd to 4th. I generally try to collect and add events and hackathon, we do have a channel on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord so if you're listening to this call and your team is engaged in organizing any events or hackathon around blockchain and probably having developers from Ethereum blockchain, you can reach out to us and I'll be happy to add it over here. 

## 3. New Initiative / Association
EIP Editing Office Hour [Announcement](https://medium.com/ethereum-cat-herders/introducing-eip-editing-office-hour-9f04a95a26ba), Decentralized meeting - Huddle01, Commercials or Sponsor to videos on ECH YouTube

**Pooja** [03:34](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=217)
The next section is a new initiative and associations. Recently we started EIP editing office hour, you can find the link to the announcement blog post in the agenda. So this EIP editing office hours are especially for new authors with proposals or authors who are trying to understand the process so they be able to document a proposal for Ethereum blockchain. So if you are someone who has a proposal in form of pull request to EIP's GitHub repository and you have doubts question comments, I would highly encourage to join EIP editing office hours. Our meeting announcements are generally shared on Ethereum Cat Herders event section. 

Next one is a decentralized meeting. I have added a project huddle 01 and we are joined by some of the team members from this project, from Ethereum Cat Herderâ€™s site. ZK has been talking to the team, so maybe we can first invite ZK to provide certain updates and then team to maybe add up on that.

**zk doof** [04:55](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=295)
Sure. So I think I'll let the team mostly speak for themselves but you know they came to us they wanted to you know show us their new Zoom equivalent type service that you know has streaming capabilities and video capabilities so it's a lot like zoom and shouldn't, you know, change our workflow in too many ways, but it does have some you know crypto native capabilities and you know in the future they're going to be turning it into more of a decentralized protocol so we figured we'd you know help out try it out see how it works for our team. 

**Pooja** [05:30](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=330)
Awesome, thank you, thank you zk for talking to the team and providing us a high level update. Yeah I'm sure we have a few people on call today to maybe talk about the project, Huddle.  

**Ramit Agarwal** [05:47](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=347)
Yes yeah hello everyone, so I'm Ramit, product manager at Huddle. So today I will be talking about Twitter and what gets trying to solve it so the thing we are building at Huddle is, we can say a decentral like audio video platform for web 3 native people so we can see like most of the works are being done in an unsynchronous fashion where there are proposals and all but there is a surely a need of a platform which have web3 utilities and can give up people space to like discuss proposal synchronously or just host community events so for that purpose we came up with the idea of Huddle 01, so starting with so one just can just log in with their Metamask, so this is the format for the signature they just sign it we are fetching the dids that are associated with them, we have ens name Unstoppable domain name and their lens IDs they can just start a meeting, we have nft avatars so they can just use their avatars in the meeting and this being remain ? but still known by the community like the whole narrative of being pseudonymous and we also support nfts on polygon and this is the whole we have like some features like live stream and live Fear YouTube and twitch so suppose you want some community events which need to be streamed that we can natively support those things and we have recording feature where we record the recordings over ipfs so then it and we ensure the persistence using the pinata so now we can say the decentralized storage layer you can use and no people can just record their materials to have their stored recording on the ipfs, next we have a virtual background so each Community can have their customized virtual background so they can just fly with the community and see how things are working on so that's a pretty much all the thing from outside thanks for listening. 

**Pooja** [07:50](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=470)
Thank you for sharing. So I'm wondering like the comfort level of participants of this meeting if we would ever like to give this platform a try and maybe organize a future meeting using this platform?

**Ramit Agarwal** [08:13](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=493)
Yeah, so it like we have tried to keep it in a way like where user do not get a really much different experience from a Google meet and zoom in when we talk about the simple audio beat meetings but we do at the same time we are ensuring we are provided the more added web 3 utilities so it's just the plus that they will be having while using Huddle, with the computer play around with the nfts have their token gated meetings and all stuff.

**Pooja** [08:44](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=524)
That sounds interesting to me, zk, if you have any thoughts comments like on the feasibility of like this adoption for maybe one of our future calls? 

**zk doof** [08:59](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=537)
Yeah, I think we should be able to at least try it out you know see if it's something that our team could you know transition to, I think it might even have more use when you're doing your PEEP an EIP calls, perhaps we live stream to YouTube at the same time we're having a call, the live stream doesn't need to stay there we can obviously add it and post a more tailored version at a later time, but it does have some you know additional capabilities that we could take advantage of.

**Pooja** [09:25](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=565)
That sounds good to me, yeah I mean like I was about to mention it today later today I have a community r with William and ? again and they are planning to have something similar to this, maybe a live stream on Twitter spaces and all and then have an edited version on YouTube Forever so it began makings of this platform and had similar kind of thing that would be nice to have yeah I would encourage people to take a look at the platform, maybe leave their feedback thoughts comments and concern if any and we can probably give this platform a try to organize one of the Ethereum Cat Herders meeting the bi-weekly meeting that we organize and look into the ease level of people who are a regular participants of the meeting and if it works out, yeah, sure.

**Ramit Agarwal** [10:32](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=625)
Yeah that sounds great like will be more than happy to get feedbacks from the community and get to know how they feel about it.

**Pooja** [10:33](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=633)
Right, if you can maybe drop the link on general channel of Ethereum Cat Herders and we can mention about this call so they also have a demo of it, I think people might want to give it a try. 

**Ramit Agarwal**
Yes sure.

**Pooja** [10:54](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=654)
Thank you so much for joining us today. 

Moving on, the next item here is commercials or sponsor to videos on ECH YouTube I have been getting multiple emails on sponsoring videos, especially the PEEP an EIP videos that we do and these commercials are generally from nft projects or gaming projects built on blockchain. I am not sure like what people think about these sponsors. So far, Ethereum Cat Herders have been supported by Ethereum dominating, we do get grants from Moloch and Gitcoin Grant, that's our primary source of funding for Ethereum Cat Herders however these responses are like very similar to sponsors those are getting there for like bankless kind of YouTube channels. I would be curious to hear thoughts of participants here what do they think about these proposals? 

**JA** [12:06](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=726)
May I got first?

**Pooja** 
Yes

**JA**
Just one comment briefly I just need to consider what we have been discussing in the EIPIP meetings about the patents, you know, the rights and it's everything is covered there is no problem at all I mean because the intellectual property is just depends of the of the license that you provide, and does look pretty much the same the same discussion from my point of view whatever is going to be done is in the train of the law and it's allowed that's it, it's an excellent idea. 

**zk doof** [12:56](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=773]
I would maybe caution against, you know things that are like nft projects, I'm not sure if we necessarily want to tie ourselves to any one particular project. Obviously I know you know you'd show discretion and you know think about you know which ones we do take on as sponsors, but you know I almost wonder if it would be beneficial to look at like the bankless model because I know they have a lot of advertisers as well but they typically stay neutral to any one commercial product and instead just talk about you know bigger things like, I think Arbitrum sponsors them, and there are other bigger projects that are easier to back than smaller nft things like that and I know for the podcast since we're on Spotify and a couple other platforms, they have more native integrations for things that aren't web3 related at all, which would allow us to be more neutral you know in the web in the cryptospace.

**JA** [14:05](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=845)
â€¦no that that's fine because there are two separate issues one issue is that you fulfill with all the intellectual rights and property that as you precisely mentioned the Ethereum the ECH is under the Etheream ecosystem at all we have been or at least I have been listening the discussion from the editors and yourself about the rice and the license that's one issue and the other one is exactly what you just mentioned I mean that you need to ensure that who is going to sponsor you is going to fulfill with all of your own I would say with everything that you try to project the sponsor needs to needs to fulfilled with him because if not you're gonna you can get into a predicament that you don't know what what could happen What would be the implication for your image I mean there are two separate totally issues one is the intellectual and the technical license or rise on the on the property or for the authors and from everybody that has pulled something into GitHub or into the ecosystem and the other thing is the filter that they're going to use and the criteria that you're going to use to choose and those responsible I mean that that's fine.

**zk doof** [15:45](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=945)
Yeah I totally agree.

**Pooja**
Thank you for sharing your thoughts Jose and zk. I do have some concerns aligned to what zk has shared, if we are getting proposals from like crypto native projects which are here for a very long time probably getting sponsored or aligning ourselves would be a little bit comfortable than to a very new project because nft projects and gaming platforms, my understanding is they are still in the process of establishing themselves and it would be really a difficult call to identify like which one is the real one and which one is kind of fake or scam kind of thing.

**zk doof** [16:33](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=993)
There are alternatives if we would be looking into it, where I know apple is one example but there are others where you could have the podcasts with an optional subscription that someone could pay, this way we can still maintain some neutrality but we can also take this offline, maybe have a discussion on the Discord.

**Pooja** [16:51](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1011)
Of course that is a good suggestion, no I think at this point of time we really are being supported by Moloch, so we are good to go. I wanted to bring this topic in this meeting so people should share the thought like what do they feel about getting sponsored and if most of the people are not in favor then please stop sending us email. Every day I'm getting at least four to five emails just for sponsorship proposal and please stop spamming us yeah, you are welcome to come on Ethereum Cat Herders, this channel and come up with a good proposal we are happy to support projects if those are really for public good, and yes we can continue the  discussion offline.

**JA** [17:40](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1060)
It is a discussion on magician or is any repo where we can just establish a conversation about it?

**Pooja** 
Maybe we can create a thread or channel on Discord? will that help? okay so we can go ahead by creating a channel for discussion talking about creating a channel I think we have been receiving some questions on POS and validator and all and I am not sure if we have a dedicated channel on our Discord I'm taking one look no we do not have so probably we can come up with a channel for POS related discussion so people can ask their questions there and be helped by the developers and people well thank you zk for creating the thread and yeah we can have a platform for people who are interested to learn about Ethereum in the staking world and get their queries answered. 

## 4. ECH updates

### ECH Stats: [Twitter](https://twitter.com/EthCatHerders) - 6455 Followers, [Discord](https://discord.io/EthCatHerders) - Over 1.21k users, [YouTube](https://studio.youtube.com/channel/UCD9iiIwTRtLDYcEWONs2Q3A) - Over 2.7k subscribers, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ethereum-cat-herders/) - 244 Followers

**Pooja** [19:13](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1153)
All right, moving ahead we have some ECH updates. As usual, I have added few stats to be shared with the community, we have over 6000 followers on Twitter, over 1200 users on Discord, over 2.7 thousand subscribers on Youtube and over 244 followers on LinkedIn. I am hoping listening to this call if you are not subscribed to YouTube channel LinkedIn Twitter or you are not on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord yet, you'll be able to join us as soon as possible because we provide a lot of information related to Ethereum protocol development and process change. It would be a good place to discuss upcoming changes and share your thoughts to improve Ethereum. 

I think we should also start adding the stats from the lenstube where we have recently added some of our videos and trying to create a backup and probably the podcast subscriber if we can. 

Right, thank you for sharing that. I think we have a dedicated section for you to be sharing more updates on the backup thing.

### [ECH Website](https://www.ethereumcatherders.com/): [Issues](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ech-website-v2/issues)

**Pooja** [20:42](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1244)
All right the next one is ECH website so we are trying to keep Ethereum Cat Herders website up to date. We have tried to add all the information related to Ethereum merge upgrade and we had a page there. I have added a link to GitHub issue where people can share their issues in terms of what they would like to see on Cat Herders page however I am trying to add EIPs and related information available on the internet for EIPs which are under consideration for Shanghai, I'm hoping to have a page for Shanghai updated soon. I'm expecting the pull request by today or tomorrow, that's what have been communicated to me so please check out issues over there if you think you would like to add some more thing or you have some document that you would like to be added there for public sharing, please feel free to add links.

### [ECH Engineering](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/266): [EIP Bot](https://github.com/ethereum/EIP-Bot/issues), [EIPV](https://github.com/ethereum/eipv/issues), [Learn2Earn](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/L2E)

**Pooja** [21:44](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1302)
Next one is ECH engineering. On top is the EIP bot and EIPV. I wondered if you have any updates on that?

**JA**
Well it's not a precisely an update just I would like that you whenever you have the time try to get from the editors, basically panda, if he is working in something to replace an EIP bot that because I have been working in different issues as I specifically asked to them if they were to them basically Sam and panda and they say that they were not working so I started to go ahead on those. One was successfully closed which is the issue 34 the report which that was a merge but was fully the pull request and it was merged that was fine the second one the issue 63 is the issue that was discussed in the last EIPIP meeting. I'm waiting for him to tell me if he's working on that so I stopped working because basically all the testing from my side from the EIP bot side which is totally different you know from any other bot it was known so I mean just a plainly reminder to say I mean I stopped working on this and I'm fixing oh yeah go ahead I keep testing and trying to find a solution I mean that's it.

**Pooja** [23:32](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1410)
If I get it right I think the main concern here is a duplicate work like you are working on something and that is being changed by new bot and you may not be able to test that again, so probably you are looking for some upfront information on what parts are open that you can continue working and if Pandapip or anyone else is working on improving any other part there should be a place toâ€¦people to maybe get information about that.

**JA**
That will that would be excellent. I mean I'm really happy.

**Pooja** [24:05](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1445)
All right so maybe we can bring it up with EIP editors and we'll try to have a collective information sharing platform and yeah I will definitely try to address this concern thank you for sharing.

**JA**
Okay, thank you, thank you.

**Pooja** [24:23](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1465)
All right, the next one is Learn2Earn. I'm pretty excited to hear more about Learn to Earn we are joined by George on the call today so over to you George.

**George Harvey**
I was trying to unmute, yeah so excited that we're actually launching Learn2Earn now we have the subdomain for Learn to Earn so if you go to l2e dot ethereum.com you could check out the app start learning and if you you know pass the quiz you actually get a POAP, so um please uh you know try it out give us your feedback we'll be sharing a feedback form later on today, which I guess we could just share on the Discord and it'll also be part of the website as well as an update, so yeah hopefully you guys enjoy it and really looking forward to the feedback so.

**Pooja** [25:38](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1538)
Thank you George, so just for people who are listening to this call, l2e.ethereumcatherders.com so please go ahead and check out the page and share your feedback we have limited link for POAP right now so if we hit the maximum level we'll try to refill it we are in touch with POAP team to get upload more links there yeah right now it's an early testing stages we would be accepting your feedback, we do have a dedicated channel on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord, is Learn2Earn you can share it there and as George mentioned we will be soon releasing a feedback form which will be integrated on the website so you can share your feedback about the project and if any feature you would like to be added or you think something is not working properly. This is our first project from Ethereum Cat Herders all together it's the first Community project from our end so we are super excited to share this news and looking forward to your support.

**George Harvey** [26:49](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1609)
Yeah and everybody in Discord is getting the alpha so yeah...

**Pooja**
Right and very soon will be publishing the process for general people to follow along. Thank you George for all the hard work and also there are other participants who are not on the call today but they have participated in meetings weekly meetings that we organize so thanks to everyone who contributed to this project. 

**George Harvey**
Yeah, thank you Pooja.

### ECH Operations: ECH GitHub backup & [YouTube backup](https://hackmd.io/@poojaranjan/ECHBackup), [ECH Podcast](https://open.spotify.com/show/7dgxKMkSyy3HWtQW7OfqXA)

**Pooja** [27:20](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4)
All right, let's move on to the next one which is ECH operations. I'm not sure how we are progressing on the GitHub backup but I think we are making good progress on YouTube backup. Zk, if you would like to share updates on where we are since the last time, like how many more episodes we have and more new users?

**zk doof** [27:47](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1657)
Yeah so I've been spending time on the YouTube backup for now I'll do the GitHub one after the YouTube. We have another 14 videos that have gone up, in total, we have put about 16 gigabytes of data onto Arweave and we've paid about 80 Matic which is about 60 something dollars and for that sixty dollars we have 28 videos that are you know we know we no longer need to worry about because they're all backed up which is pretty cool. We have 274 subscribers now on the Lenstube and you know quick shout out to Sudo who's fantastic we've been going back and forth to do some minor tweaks onto Lenstube you know we were finding a couple bugs here and there with regex when we were trying to do the time stamps and stuff like that he's been great at making updates for us.

**Pooja** [28:52](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1732)
Awesome and I am hoping that we do have the yes we do have the hackmd the file added to the agenda so if people want to follow the link of the arweave or the lenstube to like follow on the backup of these videos please check out the link added here. Thank you so much zk for the update and making this backup work possible because it's always good to save these videos. I feel like these are very informative and maybe used in future by students, just like history of Ethereum. Cool moving ahead next one is ECH podcast. I'm not sure if we published any recording this month, did we?

**zk doof** [29:39](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1779)
Yeah I think we've done only one this month in the beginning of the month but yeah nothing since then.

**Pooja**
All right yeah so that is there and we also have a dedicated page on Ethereum Cat Herders so please check out the page for the podcast there you will find all platforms where our podcasts are listed on the same page so whatever is your favorite podcast platform please go ahead and check out our podcast which are completely educational informative we have talks with different leaders of ecosystem and different developers who have contributed on several upgrades of Ethereum. Please go ahead and check them out. 

### GitPOAP for ACD meeting 150, CL meeting 100 & [The Merge](https://twitter.com/gitpoap/status/1569738148925657094)

So we are working with the GitHub team. ACD meeting and CL meeting are now postponed for at least five weeks if I remember correctly so we will continue working on that part however the merge GitPOAP are now live so if you have contributed to the merge, please go ahead and check your eligibility for GitPOAP I have added the Twitter link I think the announcement link is added to the agenda so yeah please follow up and if you have any questions related to that if you are a contributor of Ethereum Cat Herders and have contributed on the merge and you're missing from the list please reach out to me.

### [EIP's Insight](https://hackmd.io/@poojaranjan/EthereumImprovementProposalsInsight) [31:19](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=1879)

That's on GIT POAP and the next one is EIP's Insight. Let me quickly take a look. So we have about 24 new EIPs in draft, one is in standard track 4 and 23 other are standard track ERC proposals that's quite a big number but it's good that they are moshes draft that means our EIP editors are doing a great job in at least giving a first pass giving it a first share another good news is like out of these nine proposals where just added this month we also keep a track of potential proposals and 9 out of 18 proposals are merged as draft. We have 5 EIPs promoted to final in the month of September and out of those 5 we have 2 proposals in core, those 2 proposals are for the merge upgrade which is EIP 3675 and EIP 4399. Apart from those we have one informational proposal which is closely related to merge update that is 2982 Serenity phase zero and there are two ERC standard tracker proposals added as final. Number are EIP 5192 minimal sold down nfts and EIP 3525 semi-fungible token. There are three proposals in last call EIP 2612 that is EIP 20 permit extension and the last call deadline is October 8th. There is one proposal EIP 5528 refundable fungible token with deadline of 16th October and the last one is EIP 4834 sorry 4834 hierarchical domain and the last call deadline is September 30th only, three days left so if you have any comment for any of these proposals please reach to the Fellowship of Ethereum magician link added to the proposal and leave your comment for authors, if you want any changes in these proposals or even if you're supporting you can also share your support over there. You can find the entire list of other EIPs and some charts on the EIPsâ€™ insight for September 2022. So that's on EIP insight, for PEEPanEIP we had one meeting scheduled this week which was tomorrow but unfortunately I received a message from the guest that we would like to postpone that meeting for another two weeks I will update the event on Cat Herder's Discord and also on the protocol calendar for people to follow. 

### [PEEPanEIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F)

So in PEEPanEIP, we generally try to talk about EIPs which are coming up as a standard for Ethereum so authors if you have a proposal in review or last call and you would like to talk more about it share it with community on the implementation and usage of that proposal, please feel free to reach out to me, I'll be happy to schedule a meeting of PEEPanEIP for you and maybe we can share the recording with the community. 

### [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1axM1KaKc-GCcoPbAnYTOhgLnxXsBVoO5XRjTN3CLnck/edit#gid=0) and action items for ECH [35:10](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=2110)

All Core Dev meeting [notes 147](https://github.com/darkfire-rain/pm/blob/patch-1/AllCoreDevs-Meetings/Meeting%20147.md)
Consensus meeting [notes 96](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/pull/634/commits/bc8e7a476b04abad170944ec4148b907c641b5a4) 
EIP Improvement Process meeting 65

The last one in this segment is meeting notes. I think we have meeting notes for yeah all All Core Dev 147, consensus 96. Do we have notes for EIPIP 65?

**Santosh** [35:29](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=2129)
That I'll be sharing by [inaudible]  

**Pooja** 
All right thank you so yeah we should be expecting yeah I think I can take this offline with Santosh about the readme updates. I will get in touch with you. 

### KZG-Ceremony Breakout Call # 8 [Recording](https://youtu.be/GUhlpYOZ8Lo)

That's on meeting notes next one I have mentioned here is oh looks like it's a repetition, EIP editing officer forget about that, the next one is KGV ceremony breakout call. We have eight meetings so far. All recordings are shared on Ethereum Cat Herders YouTube. People will be expecting some project like demo in Devcon so please stay tuned for more information coming on KGV ceremony and also follow the recording on Ethereum Cat Herders YouTube.

### Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings: [Meeting 93](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/blob/87516c30ffa24a1216fd570c6a30c77cdb84643d/All%20Ethereum%20Cat%20Herder%20Meetings/Meeting%20093.md)

**Pooja** [36:42](https://youtu.be/5qIbN8SKGq4?t=2202)
Anyone has any question comment so far? all right I think we are on the last segment that is meeting notes from the last meeting which I will share, ECH starts a Social account that I did and will follow up with those people for timely submission of notes. Please people whoever are documenting notes please try to submit your notes in three to five days, three days are always better but five in case of complicated and longer meetings, and I think that's all from the items listed here, if anyone has anything to share or bring up or maybe suggest for next meeting? All right in that case you can also leave comment, thoughts in general channel I will try to pick it up from there and add it to the agenda for the next meeting. Thank you everyone for joining us today, see you in two weeks. Have a good one everyone. 



















