# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 15 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tue, July 9, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 22 minutes
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/80)
### [Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CG9UPmq1PEk)

1. Update on ProgPow Audit
1. Hard Fork Coordination Update
1. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem
1. Funding/accounting/multisig 
   1. Update on account of ECH funding.
1. [DevCon Workshop Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IGPx2xGcdChUPdExWKCC5ejr8X_wIxf_NeIHmtpB5mQ/edit#)
1. Any Other Business
1. Review of outstanding action items from Meeting 12

Moderator: Tim Beiko

## MEETING DECISIONS
- DECISION 14.1: Start using [ECH GitHub](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/funding/issues) to track funding for Eth2.0 note taking.

## MEETING ACTIONS
- ACTION 14.1: Double check the funding from Gitcoin.
- ACTION 14.2: Follow up with Hudson and resolve to decide what to do with the ProgPoW funds.
- ACTION 14.3: William to work with Lane on an intiative to perform an account of the current ECH funding.
- ACTION 14.4: Create a vote within the Ethereum Cat Herders DAO to decide if the 100 DAI is appropriate for Ethereum Core Dev and Ethereum 2.0 Notes and 50 DAI for ECH notes.
- ACTION 14.5: Engage with Hudson regarding the requirements for streaming of ECH calls.
- ACTION 14.6:Tim will raise a PR to link the [Live streaming document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dF_Drs56ErV6wJgFmbzpdN-cINshKCsB61D92NS2JDg/edit) within the Cat Herders repo.
- ACTION 14.7: Lane to create a seperate Gnosis wallet to assist with registering for reputation within the dxDAO.

## 1. Update on ProgPow Audit

Charles: Proposal and Agreement is being finalised.

Hudson: Action 12.1 no longer required. Will be releasing a blog post.

## 2. Hard Fork Coordination Update

Tim: We agreed on the first two EIPs for Istanbul. 

## 3. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem

Charles: Last week we fixed up the Emergency Comms update that was started by Pooja. Disclosure document created by William. 

William: I don't have any experience on disclosure documents. We are looking at two categories for bug. Protocol or Client bugs. Anyone who has any info on contacts would be very useful.

Lane: Have you seen the list from TrailofBits? Will post the [link](https://github.com/crytic/blockchain-security-contacts).

Pooja: [PR 76](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/pull/76) needs review.

## 4. Open ECH Github [Issues](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues)

Tim: I went through them last week and tried to close them or update them.

## 5. Funding/accounting/multisig

Brett: Has the Gitcoin funding issue been resolved? 

Lane: Funding has been received but not sure if the CLR discrepancy has been resolved. 

Charles: Number appears to be approximately correct but needs to be confirmed.

** **
**ACTION 14.1:** Double check the funding from Gitcoin.
** **

Brett: Seperation of ECH and ProgPoW. 

Lane: Additional funding where is that going AUDIT or else where?

Tim: Should we create a Non-ProgPoW funds multisig to split them?

Lane: Suggest we keep the old multisig for ECH and create new multisig for ProgPoW so as to keep the audit trails for previously funded ECH activity.

Tim: Timeline for funding ProgPoW?

Charles: Can't confirm timeline.

Tim: Probably worth splitting out the ProgPoW funds out into a seperate multisig.

** **
**ACTION 14.2:** Follow up with Hudson and resolve to decide what to do with the ProgPoW funds.
** **

## 6. Funding the Ethereum 2.0 Call Notes

Brett: We are looking at building a little team of people who take notes for the three meetings Ethereum Core Devs, Ethereum 2.0 and the Ethereum Cat Herders. To pay the people for the time we would like to discuss if the Ethereum Cat Herders would be willing to fund the note taking for not only the Ethreum Core Dev meetings but also for the Ethereum 2.0 and Ethereum Cat Herder meetings. We also have a small gitter channel within the larger Ethereum Cat Herder group channel for those volunteers interested in writing notes and summaries.

Michael: There is a [gitcoin bounty](https://gitcoin.co/grants/23/eth20-implementers-call-meeting-notes?tab=activity) for Ethereum 2.0 notes but it only receives 37 DAI a month rather than the 200 DAI required.

General discussion and conclusion is made that an accounting of the Ethereum Cat Herders multisig is required to understand what funding has been received, what is ECH funds and what is ProgPoW funds, how much funding is received on a monthly basis for the ECH activities. Once this is done then a decision can be made as to whether additional funding is required. 

Brett: I proposal of 100 DAI for Ethereum Core Dev and Ethereum 2.0 Notes and 50 DAI for ECH notes.

Lane: A data dump is required from Gitcoin and has been requested but Gitcoin is yet to respond to this request. I believe we currently receive [$289 DAI](https://gitcoin.co/grants/30/ethereum-all-core-devs-community-project-managem-2) per month.

Tim: If this is the case then this is insufficient for funding the proposed amounts but to ensure that the note takers receive something until the account has been performed perhaps we should agree that the note takers receive 50 DAI for Ethereum Core Dev and Ethereum 2.0 Notes and 25 DAI for ECH notes?

Lane: For accountability having the payment for notes going through Gitcoin is good.

Tim: We may want to continue the discussion around funding of the note taking the Meetings Gitter Channel.

** **
**ACTION 14.3:** William to work with Lane on an intiative to perform an account of the current ECH funding. 
** **

** **
**ACTION 14.4:** Create a vote within the Ethereum Cat Herders DAO to decide if the 100 DAI is appropriate for Ethereum Core Dev and Ethereum 2.0 Notes and 50 DAI for ECH notes.
** **

## 7. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure

Charles: This will be a side project. If you want to get involved let me know.

## 8. Website Design

Hugo: Would be great to get together at ETHBerlin to discuss the website.

## 9. [DevCon Workshop Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IGPx2xGcdChUPdExWKCC5ejr8X_wIxf_NeIHmtpB5mQ/edit#)

Tim: Had to idea to do a ECH town hall at devcon. Get the community involved and get feedback. At Pegasys we will be submitting our Devcon talks all together. If you have any to add please do it soon.

## 10. Share Account access

Brett: We have an Ethereum Cat Herders email and zoom account and currently a few of us have access to the passwords to these accounts including Lane and myself. If anyone would like access to these accounts please reachout. Helen and I also currently have access to the Ethereum Cat Herders Calendar for meeting invites. If you would like to have a zoom meeting that is Ethereum related this is possible and we can assist with you getting access to that. Or if community members want to have a meeting that is Ethereum related they can reach out to the Ethereum Cat Herders and we can help facilitate that meeting.

Pooja: It would be great to have people know how to live stream the ECH calls. 

Brett: Would be great to have roster of people prepared to assist with live streaming these calls.

Lane: This is a little difficult as the streeming tools is via the Ethereum YouTube Channel which is owned by the Ethereum Foundation and so is not everyone can do this. We may want to talk to Hudson.

** **
**ACTION 14.5:** Engage with Hudson regarding the requirements for streaming of ECH calls.
** **

## 11. [Issue 29](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/29)

Tim: Worth copying the live streaming instructions from Hudson to the ECH repo. Where do we store these?

** **
**ACTION 14.6":** Tim will raise a PR to link the [Live streaming document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dF_Drs56ErV6wJgFmbzpdN-cINshKCsB61D92NS2JDg/edit) within the Cat Herders repo.
** **

## 12. [Issue 79](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/79)

Lane: There appears to be some misunderstanding. We should look to participate in the dxDAO just to learn more about this space as we are in essence a DAO ourselves.

William: I disagree with this proposal as the funds have been given to the ECH for a specific purpose and it would be against the reason it was given to the ECH for example ProgPoW.

Brett: Just for clarification funding apart from ProgPoW was general in nature for ECH use. Therefore I feel that using these funds would be appropriate.

William: I agree for non-ProgPoW funds this is acceptable.

Tim: The identification of non-ProgPoW funds is currently difficult and so the account may take precedence here.

Lane: We will miss the window if we do the accounting. Perhaps we can simply withdraw 100 DAI which is ECH funds to a Gnosis Wallet and allow us to register with the dxDAO to gain repuation which will tied specifically to the Gnosis Wallet which I can share with people going forward.

** **
**ACTION 14.7":** Lane to create a seperate Gnosis wallet to assist with registering for reputation within the dxDAO.
** **

## 13. [Issue 28](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/28)

Lane: Stuck on the accounting.

## 15. Any other business

### 15.1 Ethereum 2.0 

Brett: Those interested in getting involved in the Working Group for Ethereum 2.0 drop your names in the Gitter.

Pooja: Suggest to start using [ECH GitHub](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/funding/issues) to track funding for Eth2.0 note taking as well. Currently it is being used for Eth1 note taking and other ECH activities. 

Tim: I think it make sense, does anyone disgree?

No objection recieved.

Tim: We can start tracking funding for notes taking of Eth1 and Eth2 at ECH GitHub. 

## 16. Review Actions from Meeting 11

### Complete 
- ACTION 11.3: Setup a call with the Ethereum Development Portal stakeholders.
- ACTION 12.1: Hudson to propose action plan for ProgPoW hardfork delay (Not making Istanbul) in all core devs chat.


### Outstanding 
- ACTION 9.1: Hudson to work with Charles on making a post about ProgPoW audit.
- ACTION 9.4: Multisig keyolders to work on seperating the funds.
- ACTION 11.1: Cat Herders to review the [document](https://github.com/poojaranjan/ECH-PM/blob/master/Constantinople%20Postmortem%20Report/EmergencyCommTemplate.md) created by Pooja.- ACTION 12.2: Continue to look into discrepency with Gitcoin Bounty amount. 

## 10. Next Meeting: 4 June 2019 at 2pm UTC.

## ATTENDEES:

- Brett Robertson
- Charles St Louis
- Helena Flack
- Hudson Jameson
- Hugo Sanchez
- Joseph Delong
- Pooja Ranjan
- Tim Beiko
- William Schwab
- Michael LaCroix
- Jim
- Brent Allsop
