# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 23 Notes


### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday, 26 November 2019, [14:00 UTC](https://savvytime.com/converter/utc-to-germany-berlin-united-kingdom-london-ny-new-york-city-ca-san-francisco-china-shanghai-japan-tokyo-ny-new-york-city/2pm)
### Meeting Duration: 55 minutes
### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/96)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc)
### Moderator: Tim Beiko
### Notes: Brett Robertson

-----------------------------

# **Summary:**

## **ACTIONS REQUIRED**


| Action Item | Description |
|--|--|
**23.1** | Working Group to be formed to work on the All Core Devs Newsletter initiative.
**23.2** | Ethereum Cat Herders to start communication for the Istanbul Hardfork with relevant stakeholders from November 27, 2019.
**23.3** | Hudson to schedule the first EIP Improvement Process meeting.**23.4** | 
**23.4** | Hudson to create an EIP Improvement Process Telegram Group to coordinate activities.
**23.5** | ECH to consider what percentage amount to put into a DAI savings contract.
**23.6** | Charles to write up a proposal around moving SAI to DAI and what options there are for DAI savings so that the ECH can make a better informed decision.
**23.7** | ECH to review [Issue #66](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/66) so as to decide if it should be closed.
**23.8** | Hudson to create a proposal to remove individuals from the ECH gitter/telegram channel that have not been active in the last 6 months.
**23.9** | Hudson to add James Hancock to the ECH Gitter/Telegram channel.
**23.10** | ECH to review the [community page](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Ethereum.org-Community-Subpage--ApRzp4wMTz3JWRnFzsL9291VAQ-T7PZSn1jFvEnSVwE4co3h) and provide feedback for the Ethereum.org team.
**23.11** | ECH website to be updated to reflect the Berlin and Difficulty Bomb Hard Forks.
**23.12** | ECH to look into the funding of updating and maintaining the ECH website.
**23.13** | ECH mutlisig holders to finalise the payments in the [funding issues page](https://gitcoin.co/grants/30/ethereum-all-core-devs-community-project-managem-2).
**23.14** | ECH mutlisig holders to refund the final ProgPoW funds to Bitfly.
**23.15** | Hudson to confirm wording from Bitfly for ProgPoW refund blog post.
**23.16** | Tim to submit proposal for the EthCC Workshop.


## **DECISIONS MADE**

Decision Item | Description
--|--
**23.1** | Keep the ECH-Eth Magicians Coordination as an agenda item for next call.
**23.2** | Use Telegram as a tool to coordinate the EIP improvement interested parties and activities outside of the call.
**23.3** | Close [issue #33](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/33) as the Ethereum Foundation is addressing this.
**23.4** |  James Hancock to be added to the ECH gitter/telegram channel.
**23.5** | 


## 1. ECH-ETH Magician collaboration 

Video: [`[0:00]`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc)

This is a initiative post DevCon to look at ways in which the Etherem Cat Herders could collaborate with the Ethereum Magicians for Eth1.0 and where possible Ethereum 2.0.

Anett Rolikova presented a [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UlA9N7gnio1hw7MIV13cSqeI5DlXS5iH2_KjY3U0Cps/edit).

The first idea is a newsletter specifically to the All Core Devs call where topics like the difficulty bomb and the ice age could be discussed. This may allow for community Q&As.

The idea of a hard fork community call before the hardfork was also discussed where someone like Hudson may explain the upcoming hardfork and community members could join in and get a better understanding of what is happening. It would great to invite some core devs onto that call to assist with the discussion.

Hudson explained that we may wish to look at addressing a couple of things before we continue with the idea of a All Core Devs newsletter:

1. That we address at the start of the newsletter that the newsletter does not necessarily represent the views of the all core devs.

2. Perhaps that names do not get named in the newsletter like Catham House Rules, that is, when a meeting, or part thereof, is held under the Chatham House Rule, participants are free to use the information received, but neither the identity nor the affiliation of the speaker(s), nor that of any other participant, may be revealed.

Annett felt that there just was not enough engagement, discussion or understanding around what was going on in the Ethereum Community and that a newsletter could be used to dumb down alot of what is discussed by the All Core Devs so that the average community member could be kept abreast of latest developments.

Something like Thomas [article](https://medium.com/@tjayrush/its-not-that-difficult-33a428c3c2c3) things are just a little too complicated to understand by the community and could be made simpler.

Tim expressed his concern of trying to summarize topics as things could get lost in translation and instead suggested that we perhaps look to aggregate the information instead.

Hudson suggested that perhaps for now we do not direct people to the All Core Devs Gitter as not many people know about it and as such it is a "Safe Place"for the All Core Devs to discuss issues freely. He is concerned that releasing the gitter address to the general public may result in people spamming the gitter.

Pooja noted that the Ethereum Cat Herder Newsletter may at times mention the major topics that the community may find of interest.

So if a weekly article could be published where the big items could be referenced and a link could be included to refer people to the original source of the information.

Hudson suggested keeping this topic in the agenda for the next ECH meeting to discuss the other ideas within Anett's paper.

** **
**ACTION ITEM: 23.1**  Working Group to be formed to work on the All Core Devs Newsletter initiative.
** ** 

** **
**DECISION: 23.1**  Keep the ECH-Eth Magicians Coordination as an agenda item for next call.
** ** 

## 2. Hard Fork Coordination Update 

Video: [`[14:12]`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc?t=852)

Hudson again reminded us that James Hancock is the new Hard Fork Coordinator and he will be dealing with most Hard Fork coordination now. 

He also noted that there is discussion around another Hard Fork to delay the Difficulty Bomb as Eth1.0 is currently in the Ice Age which means block times will continue to go up.

The Istanbul Hard Fork is still progressing and is still expected to fork on or around Saturday, December 7th, 2019.

** **
**ACTION ITEM: 23.2**  Ethereum Cat Herders to start communication for the Istanbul Hardfork with relevant stakeholders from November 27, 2019.
** ** 

## 3. EIP Improvement Process

Video: [`[20:25]`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc?t=1225)

A few people from the Ethereum Foundation, Ethereum Magicians and Ethereum Cat Herders have reached out to Hudson to look at improving the current EIP process.

A call is being proposed to start working on this which will probably be a day during the week probably a week or two post Thanksgiving. 

There was a general discussion around how to engage with the EIP creators and managed old drafts as well as look at the option of archiving EIPs that have not been actioned for perhaps 9 months or more.

** **
**DECISION: 23.2**  Use Telegram as a tool to coordinate the EIP improvement interested parties and activities outside of the call.
** ** 

** **
**ACTION ITEM: 23.3**  Hudson to schedule the first EIP Improvement Process meeting.
** ** 

** **
**ACTION ITEM: 23.4**  Hudson to create an EIP Improvement Process Telegram Group to coordinate activities.
** ** 

## 4. Migration of DAI and use of DSR/other Savings options 

Video: [`[25:49]`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc?t=1549)

Charles introduced the idea of potentially migrating our SAI to DAI and earning interest on the ECH funds via a savings contract.

Hudson suggested that perhaps we donâ€™t put it all in but was unsure as to what percentage we should put in.

Charles explained that the DAI saving solution at 2% is not a custody solution and as such you can deposit and withdraw at any time. Other third party contracts are custody solutions and as such can have 30 day or longer lock in periods.

Tim was concerned specifically around risks with smart contract bugs and so suggested again a specific percentage be considered and not the whole amount.

Charles agreed and suggested that people go away and think about what percentage would be acceptable.

** **
**ACTION ITEM: 23.5**  ECH to consider what percentage amount to put into a DAI savings contract.
** ** 

** **
**ACTION ITEM: 23.6**  Charles to write up a proposal around moving SAI to DAI and what options there are for DAI savings so that the ECH can make a better informed decision.
** ** 

## 5. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs

Video: [`[30:40]`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc?t=1840)

Pooja gave a quick review of the current Issues and Pull Requests and noted that Tim had done a good job of cleaning up a lot of the issues and PRs. 

There are still a few outstanding funding issues but otherwise this remains a standing discussion point for future meetings.

** **
**DECISION: 23.3**  Close [issue #33](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/33) as the Ethereum Foundation is addressing this.
** ** 

** **
**ACTION ITEM: 23.7**  ECH to review [Issue #66](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/66) so as to decide if it should be closed.
** ** 

## 6. Documentation of the ECH process 

Video: [`[33:07]`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc?t=1987)

Pooja provided [links](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/96#issuecomment-555591980) to the ECH process.

## 7. Documenting/removing inactive cat herders from the private chat.

Video: [`[33:53]`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc?t=2033)

Hudson proposed this clean up. 

Pooja seconded the motion.

** **
**ACTION: 23.8**  Hudson to create a proposal to remove individuals from the ECH gitter/telegram channel that have not been active in the last 6 months.
** ** 

Hudson proposed adding James Hancock to the ECH Gitter/Telegram channel.

Tim and Pooja seconded the motion.

** **
**DECISION: 23.4**  James Hancock to be added to the ECH Gitter/Telegram channel.
** ** 

** **
**ACTION: 23.9**  Hudson to add James Hancock to the ECH Gitter/Telegram channel.
** ** 

## 8.  Discuss the PR to Ethereum.org about ECH page

Charles advised that the Ethereum.org team has been working on a community page. The idea is to incorporate the get involved page as proposed by William and have it as one page for the time being.

The team have also asked for feedback on the following [document](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Ethereum.org-Community-Subpage--ApRzp4wMTz3JWRnFzsL9291VAQ-T7PZSn1jFvEnSVwE4co3h).

Pooja asked if this page would address the primary concern of the Ethereum Cat Herders to provide a point of contact / support desk for new persons who would like to get more involved.

Charles confirm that he [pushed for the fact that the ECH wish to be the middleman between the community and the All Core Devs. The Ethereum.org team are aware of this and so this should be included in the page as a description of the Ethereum Cat Herders but if there are any concerns feel free to enforce this point or suggest anything else as a note in the document.

** **
**ACTION: 23.10**  ECH to review the [community page](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Ethereum.org-Community-Subpage--ApRzp4wMTz3JWRnFzsL9291VAQ-T7PZSn1jFvEnSVwE4co3h) and provide feedback for the Ethereum.org team.
** ** 


## 9. ECH website update

Video: [`[40:02`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc?t=2402)

Pooja raised this item and suggested that as we are now moving to the next fork Berlin and the Difficulty Bomb hard fork that this should be updated on the ECH website.

Pooja also suggested perhaps provide funding for the updating and maintaining the ECH website.

Tim seconded this initiative. 

** **
**ACTION: 23.11** ECH website to be updated to reflect the Berlin and Difficulty Bomb Hard Forks.
** ** 


** **
**ACTION: 23.12** ECH to look into the funding of updating and maintaining the ECH website.
** ** 


## 10.  Review of outstanding action items 

Video: [`[55:35]`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc?t=2555)

1. Community Initiatives Brainstorming Update

Anettâ€™s update covered this.

2. Confirm all funding/accounting/multisig tasks are completed

This is now complete apart from [funding issues](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/funding/issues).

3. Set up Ethereum Cat Herders Community Grant (Gitcoin) 

Tim sent Hudson a draft and Hudson has updated it and it is good to go - the admins will be those who are on the multisig namely Tim and Charles.

People can now go contribute to the Ethereum Cat Herders via this [grant](https://gitcoin.co/grants/30/ethereum-all-core-devs-community-project-managem-2).


** **
**ACTION: 23.13** ECH mutlisig holders to finalise the payments in the [funding issues page](https://gitcoin.co/grants/30/ethereum-all-core-devs-community-project-managem-2).
** ** 


4. Ethereum 2.0 Bounties

N/A

5. ProgPoW community update / ProgPow refund to community members 

The ECH have refunded everyone who contributed to the gitcoin grant except Atlantic crypto who donated their funds and the remaining small amount were kept by the ECH.

The EF has donated to the ECH. 

Bitfly is going to be distributing theirs through gitcoin including the ECH or at least that was what was indicated.

Tim created a blog post for the ECH to announce the [ProgPoW refund](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12948itwitmZ4tpCDh0ZIryZEwsUM_hOpy2awZ2xNmmA/edit)

** **
**ACTION: 23.14** ECH mutlisig holders to refund the final ProgPoW funds to Bitfly.
** ** 

** **
**ACTION: 23.15** Hudson to confirm wording from Bitfly for ProgPoW refund blog post.
** ** 

## 11.  Any Other Business

Video: [`[47:17]`](https://youtu.be/hh6yys7CZmc?t=2837)

1. Finalize draft before submission (EthCC Workshop)

Tim put together a [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ErKyuxWtu1mw_mRVO5luu00K08m4ou5KEAAdz0Ifgwc/edit) for the EthCC workshop. People have commented but otherwise Tim will submit it later in the day.

** **
**ACTION: 23.16** Tim to submit proposal for the EthCC Workshop.
** ** 

2. Review community calls transcripts for action items and open issues

Nothing further to discuss.

3. Sachin Mittal proposed a DAO that collects interest to help fund other projects and initiatives in the Ethereum ecosystem.

Pooja suggested that the Marketing DAO would be a better platform to share this idea.

# Attendees

- Tim Beiko
- Pooja Ranjan
- Anett Rolikova
- Brent Allsop
- Hudson Jameson
- Charles St. Louis
- Sachin Mittal
