# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 98  Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Nov 22, 2022, at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 0.5 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/326)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/ClEV_42QMRg)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Santhosh

## Summary <!-- omit in toc -->
Summary | Description
-|-
98.1 | Ethereum client teams are working on the Shanghai upgrade, and more information on the 4844 implementers can be found on the Ethereum Foundation's YouTube channel.
98.2 | Events & hackathon: Unfortunately, we have not had much success with our collaboration. I'm trying, and hopefully by 2023, we'll be able to organize things better.
98.3 | New initiative/association: Next ECH meeting to happen in Huddle. 
98.4 | New initiative/association: Sam mentioned that we should probably look into having a group meeting for all NFT proposals during the EIP editing office server meeting. So this is something that Annette and Pooja are working on.
98.5 | Learn2Earn App: When it comes to rewards, we're making a change. As a result, we're transitioning to minting our own NFTs.
98.6 | EIPs Insight: We have received a large number of new proposals this month. So, EIPs insight page, we've been working on it. The main goal of this page is to provide information about proposals and their statuses. So this is the page we're looking at for the current month, November 2022. We have 10 proposals in draft, eight in final six review, five on the last call, and 33 on stagnant
98.7 | PEEPanEIP: On December 7, we have an EIP 3651 warm coin base planned, as well as a proposal builder separation with Barnabe Monnot on December 13, and a withdrawal with Hsiao-Wei Wang & Potuz on December 21. In January 2023, there will be another EIP-5570: Digital Receipt Non-Fungible Tokens.
98.8 | Meeting notes and action items: Requesting that all contributors share the notes in a timely manner, and Santhosh update the ECH notes template on the format that we should use to add the title name.

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders 98. I have just shared agenda in chat. 
 
## 1. Ethereum network upgrades [0.15](https://youtu.be/ClEV_42QMRg?t=15)
**Pooja Ranjan**

* As usual the first item listed here is Ethereum Network upgrade. Ethereum client teams are working towards the Shanghai upgrade on that we are trying to keep, information available on Ethereum Cat Herders website. The link is added in the last CL meeting. That was meeting 98. discussion where around Capella side Capella is, the consensus layer. Specs for Shanghai and discussion where on bounded withdrawal sweep and blob side issue. There were updates on 4844. So people who aren't aware, 4844 implementers team come up with the weekly meeting every Tuesday. This meeting happens approximately the same time. We are having the Cat Herders meeting , and that is recorded and shared on Ethereum Foundation, YouTube. So if you want to be staying updated with the 4844 implementers, call, check out the EF YouTube.
* on research side. Meta shared updates on MEV Boost and Mikhail shared on engine API specs improvement. There is a pull request I think I have already as the link in the agenda for people who may not be able to follow the technical discussion and wondering why these are important for Ethereum and why it is being considered for, Shanghai upgrade. I have found a few e Eli five resources and have added them as additional resources.So check out engine API improvement proposal, bounded withdrawal suite proposal, and a boost updates by flash bot team. That's on item number one. 

## 2. Events & hackathon [2.00](https://youtu.be/ClEV_42QMRg?t=120)
* On item number two, events and hackathon.I did not get major success unfortunately on having a collaboration yet. I'm trying, hopefully in the, in 2023 we'll be able to organize things in a better way. But I am in touch with team and also working with a few people from the foundation who are supporting organizing us for Eth global, events.So hopefully, in next year, we will be having a greater collaboration.we discussed about, participating with Small Bounty in the last meeting. This effort is in that direction. I have added dates for Eth India and Eth Denver.Eth India is expected in December, 2nd to 4th. Denver is in February 24th to March 5th, I believe. Any question, comments so far? Alright?


## 3. New initiative/association [3.12](https://youtu.be/ClEV_42QMRg?t=194)
* Next one is, a new initiative and associations other, other than our earlier, associations, with the fellowship mentorship and, events that we are talking about.we mentioned in the last meeting to organize this Cat Herders meeting with huddle.it's my bad that I could not get the link ready before the meeting, but we will try to get the next meeting with Huddle link and I will try to create it today only so we do not miss out on the next meeting.I also would like to mention about, a new, association, which probably I'd missed to add it. Here it is, with Fellowship of Ether Magician.So I had a meeting with Annette last week about core maintainers A few years ago. there was this blog post published by,FEM team.I'm gonna share the link here in the chat for people who may have missed it earlier.how,core maintainers can work together to support Ether protocol team. So, and it is trying to regroup these things and we are trying to come up with the roles and responsibilities, which may be helpful to work individual team. We discussed about the FEM team and especially Inata making a move on the nft, meeting organizing directions. So if that will be there, hopefully Cat Herders will be supporting that. STEM of this idea is coming from,a meeting of EIP editing office server where Sam, mentioned that we probably should look into having a group meeting for all NFT proposal. So this is one thing that I and Annette are working towards. So yeah,if any thoughts,comments,feedback are there, feel free to share that with me.We are hoping to have the processes streamlined for Core EIPs as well as ERC EIPs, so that's on a new initiative. Moving on to ECH updates, I have updated the stats since the last week, Twitter, YouTube, and LinkedIn. And, on ECH website, there were a few fixes on Cat Herders website. We have updated, it also included the breakout room meeting for EOF DevNet. I missed to mention about it in, in the upgrade updates when we were talking about network upgrade.So last week there were this meeting for the second EOF DevNet breakout room. Matt Gnet led the meeting in which there were discussion around the key road blockers or, open questions related to euf. this is the Hack MD in which people can find, most of the information related to that discussion. Like, a few proposals. We know that there are four or five proposals on EOF to improve EVM, which is, in the list for the Shanghai upgrade. So discussion where around closing open issues so we can have the final list created for EOF. That would be considered for Shanghai. Check out the Hack MD added here. And on s I think there is an open pull request to fix these issues.I still have to look into that before merging.So yeah, I hopefully will do it this week. Again, anyone from the community, if you have any information that you think would be useful for Ethereum community to learn about Ethereum upgrade or anything happening in the ATM ecosystem and you want that to be updated on s website, please share with us. We'll be happy to make sure that all information related to Ethereum ecosystem. I mean, if not all, most of the information that can help people to join the ecosystem, we try to get them added on Cat Herders website. That's on ECH website.
* On ECH engineering, we have EIP bot. I not sure if we have any update on bot, alright?

## Learn2Earn App, GitHub [8.24](https://youtu.be/ClEV_42QMRg?t=504)
* We can probably move on to the next one that is learned to earn. We did have the meeting on yesterday. Here is the link to notes from the meeting.I do see George on the call. George if you would like to briefly mention about the highlights where we are and what are the next steps. 

**George Hervey**
* Hi. Yeah. So, pretty much we're making a change when it comes to the reward aspect. So we're transitioning to, minting our own NFTs, since we had an issue POAP  where they restrict the number of, POAP  we can, give out. And, because we kept getting drained either by too many people or just by, you know, getting bodied, with at least one the courses. that was kinda decision we made like a few weeks ago.And, we have the contracts ready for that, so that's gonna be deployed and the app is being configured to work with that. So you'll be able to min your own NFTs, you'll see, which order you get the NFT minted. So, if you're like the first one to mint one of these NFTs, you'll see that with the token id. So, it's gonna be pretty exciting.we expect that to be, updated and you guys will be able to use it by like next week. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* So Sorry, I was looking for a mute button. Thanks for the update. on top of that, I have a couple of more, points to mention here. As we mentioned, I think I probably mentioned in the last meeting, I do not have a, like a 100 percent recollection of that, but, in order to make this Planning to more interesting, we are planning to add more quizzes on this, app. Right now we started with the four, just to like have pilot phase, 
* But next year we want to have it, with a new set of quizzes.A few notes contributors are already working on it, and hopefully we will have a decent number of quizzes ready by a middle of December to be added.
* I could create a document to maybe streamline the process if there is any need of that, like if people say that that is going to be helpful. However, I think instructions those are added by George on GitHub read me seems to be sufficient. Like what should be the format of questions and how you should be adding it in a Google sheet that could be uploaded later on. 
* So yeah, if you're interested on working on these quizzes, let us know. You can drop a message on learn to earn channel on Cat Herders, just reach out to me on george, if you have already created quizzes. But yeah, that would be helpful. And we are planning to have that incorporated and be added with the new version that is coming up in January. All right, I think that's all on in ECH ops. 

## ECH Operations [11.43](https://youtu.be/ClEV_42QMRg?t=700)
* I am trying to see, I don't have any updates from ZK on, GitHub, but, GitHub backup or YouTube backup, but, we do have podcast ongoing. We are releasing podcasts every Thursday.So yeah, keep following the new podcast.Those are coming up on it. Ethereum Cat herders, channel. We do have all links added on  Ethereum Cat herders website as well. In case you don't know which, is the right channel, which is the right link for you to follow. You can find all platforms available on  Ethereum Cat herders check out the page of ECH podcast over there. 

## EIPs Insight WIP EIPsInsight website [12.44](https://youtu.be/ClEV_42QMRg?t=750)
* Next is EIP insight. this year, this month actually we have got a lot of new proposals. In fact, if I can maybe screen share for a minute.So, we have been working toward this, EIPs insight page. this page, the main idea is to provide information related to proposals and their statuses. So this we are looking into page for the current month, which is November 2022. We have 10 proposals on draft, eight moved into final six review, five last call and 33 stagnant. We are trying to provide information as detailed as possible so we can get an idea of like, which all proposals are in what statuses it is surprising to see that we were bought it again and like we have 33 EIPs moved into stagnant status. 
* So and I am surprised why it is considering 4863, which is Beacon chain. We probably want to look into that. One missing thing here is the pull request number. We are hoping to have that listed here so we can probably be able to analyze data that is being provided with this website. All this information is also available on the usual HackMD that we used to publish every month. However, we are planning to, discontinue this Hack MD once this website of EIPS insight or went live with all information over there because this seems to be, auto updated and we are hoping that, the information shared here will be in a better visualized way so people will be able to follow.
* If you have any thoughts, common feedback, if you think that there is something that can add more value, please leave a comment on the agenda or reach out to me and let us know. we will try to work with the team and hopefully get this website updated as per the requirement of community. that's all on EIPs insight.Please check out the Hack md. As I mentioned, there are five proposals and last call.so if you have any comments related to those proposals, please mention them on the fellowship of Eth magician link added to the proposal. I'm just reading the proposals. One is EIP 5489 NFT hyperlink extension, EIP 5496. Multi management NFT extension, EIP 4519, non fungible token tied to physical asset, EIP 5757 process for approving external resources. This is one of the important proposals because this is trying to provide a way for people who have been looking to add external links to EIPs.md. Fine. So if your proposal contains any external link, I believe EIP 5757 could be helpful. Please check it out. Other than these four, there is another one, EIP 5750 general extensibility for method behavior, but this proposal is already into final status. So yeah, if you have thoughts, comment on these proposals, this is the time to raise your voice, let your concern know to the author. And, yeah, leave a comment. Any, any thoughts, comments from the present group? All right, I'm taking that. No comment is good thing here, so yeah,Anyway,
* I mean like you can always let us know offline, if not right away. If nothing comes to your mind, do let us know after the meeting. that's on EIPs Insight 

## PEEPanEIP [17.04](https://youtu.be/ClEV_42QMRg?t=1024)
On PEEPanEIP. We did publish. We do on, EIP 5646 Token State fingerprint this Monday. we are already working on EIP one 155T transient storage opcode. Hopefully the recording will be shared with the community, next Monday. And we have a bunch of proposals and discussions added to the Schedule, these proposals are, mostly focused on Shanghai upgrade, and we are trying to also explain the terms which may be important for community to learn about. so please follow the schedule. We have a EIP 3651 warm coin base planned for December seven, proposal builder separation with Barnabe Monnot on December 13, taken withdrawal with Hsiao-Wei Wang & Potuz,  on December 21. And, there is another EIP-5570: Digital Receipt Non-Fungible Tokens in January, 2023.
So please check out the calendar link is added to the agenda, and if you are interested in learning about any keyword, any proposal, listed here, join the meeting. And if that is not listed here, but you would like us to reach out to the right speaker for it, do let us know. We have a Google form shared on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord, general channel, to collect information about what people want to hear, which topic we should be covering on, PEEPanEIP. 
All right, that's about PEEPanEIP. Looks like I'm giving most of the updates here. No questions coming up. I hope all of you are awake. Okay, the next one is meeting notes. 

## Meeting notes and action items for ECH [19.07](https://youtu.be/ClEV_42QMRg?t=1147)
* yesterday we had the, meeting for notes contributor. I think the video should be uploaded. Yes, I think the video is here. I haven't got a chance to add the link to the agenda for this meeting,but I will add it. In this, meeting, we try to share information about what are the key pointers that community is looking from our meeting. The first Sunday foremost is submission of notes on time. We mentioned that we would like to submit notes within 72 hours. However, we have been seeing that it was delayed, from past few months.We can say that we would try to have that on time.Now we have more contributors here.S o without making anyone overloaded,we'll try to evenly distribute load and have the notes submitted on time.So the first one is timely submission. Second important point that was discussed, is the summary section. People may or may not go through the entire notes, but summary gives a very good idea of what was discussed, especially toward, towards the agenda item. 
* Those were added in the agenda for discussion. So if there is a point, and if we could conclude what was the decision or the next step mentioned in the meeting, that could be super useful. And adding a timestamp over there may help people follow the, video or maybe also, check out the notes, in the .md. 
* So, we must do these things. The third important thing is updating of it would be nice to have individual owning the responsibility of updating the README file. 
* However, if you are doing, this update for a meeting notes for which the previous meeting notes hasn't been merged, there is a standard format of adding a link. Please try to use that in case of any confusion. Do reach out to me. I'll try to help you,in understanding how these notes to be done, like the links to be added because we want that. Everything that we are building here, we are curating here should be shared with community. 
* Please do include key highlights, and links.Those are shared in Zoom Chat. Most of the time these are available, but in case it is not available, it is generally available with me. So let me know if you don't have the link Zoom chat link to be added there. And next meeting information. I think we have all the meeting notes. So oh yeah, EIPIP 69. Also. We received it this morning. So we have meeting notes from ACD 149, consensus layer meeting 98 and EIPIP 69 from the past two weeks. 
* We also have added the recording to, EIP editing Office Hour meeting six. This meeting is organized alternate Tuesday for,new EIP authors to maybe help them with their question concerns in order to move their proposal towards the final status. As we were seeing in the earlier EIPs insight for this month, we saw that eight proposals were moved to the final status. 
* I'm very happy to share that this,the number of proposals moving towards final has been increased significantly.And the timeline for at least three proposals where around two months. So two or two and a half months. So it's not like, if you are into it, your process will, your proposal will be waiting in the queue. You just need to be attentive, do the right things.If you have questions, reach out to authors, reach out to us. 
* We will try to make a connection between you and the editors,so you get the help you need.There is a dedicated channel, EIP editors on Ethereum Cat Herders discord. Let us know. We are here to support you. that's all on EIP editing Office Hour and notes. 
* Okay,we did not get the last meeting notes in the proper format. I have mentioned it to the resource. Here's a new one. So hopefully we'll get the updated version of,ECH meeting 97 notes added to the repository. Again, I don't see the action item or decisions there. We may have to get that updated. I think that's all from the agenda item. Anyone has anything new to be shared or anything anyone would like to add? 

**Santhosh J**
* Yeah, I've updated the README for the entire 97 meetings. Basically what we see is this inconsistency. certain times when we create a request call under score 49, instead of zero four time we do, and to see some cases, sees upper case, some cases sees lower case. So what happens is, we lose the consistency, in the readme file will take you to 404. I managed to find all the 97 title of the meeting notes and updated in the readme, the PR shared in the, zoom chat. What I'm  do is maybe I'll just add a, steps or, what do you say? how do you create a meeting notes, right? Basically just make sure the first letter is in the lower case and after underscore you should have zero followed by the meeting number. Maybe can I add this condition or the steps? So for the people

**Pooja Ranjan**
* That sounds like a very good idea. Sorry to, yeah. break you there. That sounds like a very good idea. If I remember correctly, there is a template available on ECH GitHub, so maybe you can update that template and have that information added over there. That way whoever is joining as a new resource want to contribute and documenting notes. We'll be able to follow instructions mentioned over there. 

**Santhosh J**
* Sure, yeah, I'll do that. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Okay. I'm just trying to pull out the link if we have I, yep. I think I found it. I'm gonna share it right away here. So if you could update that, that would be super helpful. Thank you, Santhosh. Awesome. Anything else from anyone? Cool, thank you. this is Thanksgiving week. So thanks to all Ethereum Cat Herders, contributors, and everyone who have been really supportive of this, group. we have completed four years, I guess. Yeah, So yeah. Thank you everyone for being with us. I hope to see you in two weeks from now. Have a good one, everyone. 


-------------------------
## Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* William Schwab
* JA
* Santhosh


## Dec 06, 2022, at 15:00 UTC

