# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 10 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tue, April 16, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 45 minutes
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/38)
### [Video of the meeting]()

1. Update on ProgPow Audit 
1. Hard Fork Coordination Update
1. Moloch DAO & Aragon Review
1. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem
1. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure
1. Any Other Business
1. Review of outstanding action items from Meeting 9
1. Next Meeting

Moderator: Brett Robertson

## 1. Update on ProgPow Audit

Charles: Proposal for the audit and the funds are coming in. Hudson spoke with Least Authority to look at scope. They are focused on security and contracts. They are looking at hardware requirements.

## 2. Hard Fork Coordination Update

Pooja: There is some confusion around the hardfork process proposed in [EIP:1929](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/1929), this is seen as an addition to the [EIP233](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/7b5ffd204c8fc632fd812ffbb7f82ac13a7f880e/EIPS/eip-233.md) but Boris suggested this is a duplication of [EIP1852](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/1852)

It is worth looking at trying to understand the difference.

Brett: Worthwhile having a call to discuss.

Charles: There will be a meeting after the Berlin meetup.

- ACTION 10.1: Hardfork Coordinators call to be setup post Berlin meetup, current proposed date 2pm, 24 April 2019.

## 3. Moloch DAO & Aragon Review

Hugo: Joseph put out a [document](https://hackmd.io/O14rsWJNSH2_QmTzndaCOA) on Gitter, summarising Moloch DAO. Inform Cat Herders on how Moloch DAO works. Look at ways of engagement.

Charles: It could be good idea to create a Cat Herders proposal and see if there was other ways we could use the Moloch DAO to move the community forward. 

Hugo: A general discussion can be had in the gitter channel and formal proposals can be discussed in the next meetings.

All: Agreed.

## 4. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem

Charles: The Project Board has 8 to do and 2 in progress. Action Items are open to everyone to contribute.

Pooja: Happy to coordinate regards ing the EIP review process. 

Charles: Are we keen to create issues for the community to assist with from the actions.

Brett: Sounds good.

William: Probably worth advertising the action items in the Gitter first.

Brett/Charles: Agreed.

## 5. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure

Charles: Document of what we want has the general content and structure. I spoke with Josh regarding the ethereum.org website. No overlap and would be a great resource. So got the green light. Nina Breznik (play.ethereum.org), Anthony Sassano (Ethhub) for content, James Young (Moloch). We will start working on it - there are no timeframes but will get into it.

## 6. Any Other Business:

### 6.1 Website

Hugo: Helen proposed to have a call next week Tuesday @ 2pm. Setup a meeting. 

- ACTION 10.2: Invite all Cat Herders to participate in the Website call or to provide ideas via the gitter channel.

## 7. Review Actions from Meeting 9

### Complete 
- ACTION 6.7: Hugo & Joseph to work together to write up a general overview of how Moloch DAO might benefit the Ethereum Community.
- ACTION 8.6: Pooja to engage with Charles and Hugo regarding the website.
- ACTION 9.2: Pooja to create a draft for process for the hardforks and submit as a pull request? Brett, Hudson in favor
- ACTION 9.3: Hugo is set to work on website
- ACTION 9.5: Multisig keyolders to bump the authorisation of multisig to 2-of-3.

### Outstanding 
- ACTION 6.4: Joseph to post the updated communications checklist to the ECH internal gitter channel. 
- ACTION 7.3: Hudson to provide feedback on Hard Fork Coordinator/s. 
- ACTION 7.5: Cat Herders to look the Handbook proposed by Luke Schoen and discuss over the next couple weeks - [here](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/blob/7cc3a8568f7eddb3744b182f1b560984ce3a3f86/projects/eth1.x/project-admin/project-management/MANAGEMENT_PLAN.md).
- ACTION 9.1: Hudson to work with Charles on making a post about ProgPoW audit.
- ACTION 9.4: Multisig keyolders to work on seperating the funds.


## 8. Next Meeting: 30 April 2019 at 2pm UTC.

## 9. MEETING ACTIONS

- ACTION 10.1: Hardfork Coordinators call to be setup post Berlin meetup, current proposed date 2pm, 24 April 2019.
- ACTION 10.2: Invite all Cat Herders to participate in the Website call or to provide ideas via the gitter channel.
