# ETHEREUM CAT HERDERS MEETING #114 #364
### Meeting Date/Time: August 1, 2023 at 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration:  0.5 hours
### [GitHub Agenda] (https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/364)
### [Audio Video of the Meeting]: (https://youtube.com/iWtC9wfJ-7M)

### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes : Avishek Kumar

# Agenda

# 1. Announcements

**Pooja Ranjan** [00:01](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=1s):Welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders meeting #114. This is issue number #364 on Ethereum Cat Heder GitHub PM repo. So the first item on the agenda we have here is announcements. I have two announcements from the projects who have supported us in the past month. So the first one is ENS Grant. Early in July, we received a grant of 50000 USD from ENS. We were one of the four big Grant winners. So thank you ENS for this support. And later this month we had a project team called Octant Grant giving a demo on Italian Cat Herders meeting and they also had considered Ethereum Cat herders for public good funding. The results of that public good funding were dependent upon the POI app and the support that were received by the community. The total amount that they have distributed in PGF was one million dollars. And I'm happy to share that we received over 20000 USD with the support of I think 14 POAP and that's a good thing. Thank you Octant. And I hope that in the next round we will be able to share this information with Community a little bit more so we get more support. We were one of the 10 projects who were considered for this PGF round. People can check out the link added to the agenda for details of it. But  thank you Ethereum Community for considering Ethereum Cat Herders as one of the public good project supporting Ethereum Ecosystem. 

# 2. Ethereum network upgrades

**Pooja Ranjan** [2:06](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=126s): Moving on with our usual upgrades, the first one is about the Ethereum Network upgrade.  As we all know we are expecting Dencun, Deneb and Cancun upgrade. I suppose it will be around a Q4 in 2023 and currently we are with devnet #7 and we are expecting Devnet #8 very soon. This morning, Andrew from arigon team suggested to have one #6780 to be removed from devnet #8. Our devnet #8 is supposed to be feature complete Devnet like right now till Devent #7 we were only focusing on EIP #4844 which is supposed to be one of the biggest proposals for this upgrade. It is going to make some changes on both Execution Layer and Consensus Layer. So we just wanted to give it enough time to get it tested and devnet #8 is supposed to be the feature complaint. So proposal #6780 which is for Self_Destruct as many people may know from the shapela upgrade that there was this announcement of removing self_destruct from ethereum contracts. This proposal is currently being proposed to be out of Devnet #8 for the time being and the reasons that they have mentioned here is like Devnet #7 already will bring Devnet #8 will all bring a lot of changes with a lot of proposals getting in all together and if perhaps Aragon is not ready. They are open to get piggyback with the get Implementation. But yeah we will get to know more about the proposals being considered for Devnet #8 on the Thursday call ACDE so that's about the Dencun upgrade. People can follow the list of EIPâ€™s on both Execution and Consensus side as listed on the agenda. And I'm also happy and excited to share that we have tried to have conversation with respective authors and prepare educational material like share the information that is needed to learn more about these upgrade on keypenny.  So please check out the playlist Deneb and Cancun on Ethereum Cat Herders. We also have a list of other resources to follow more about the upgrade. Check out the links on the agenda. Okay I am trying to find out but it looks like the link for EOF meeting is not updated. I will check back with Matt if we have the recording available. Verkle implementers meeting happens once a month and we do have a playlist for Verkle on the Ethereum Cat Herders YouTube. People can also follow EOF Mega aspects and I'm also hoping to have someone from EOF team to have a chat about what major changes we are expecting with EOF proposals. EOF however is not expected with this upgrade and it is expected with Prague. perhaps so we will be ready by then and if so then we can have it on Prague update. But there's a lot to be worked upon on these proposals. We would need test cases and testing. So please follow the EOF implementers meeting to know more about EVM changes. That's about the update related to upgrades.

#  3. Events, Fellowship, Hackathon

**Pooja Ranjan** [6:23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=383s): Moving on to events, fellowship and hackathon, we are expecting a big event Istanbul Devconnect preparations are on. And there would also be a hackathon related and I'm assuming yes the last date was July itself. So now today is our Quest so the application has been closed. People if you have any information about other fellowship and hackathon that you would like our community to know about or participate please feel free to share information on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord. We do have a Hacathon or Fellowship related Discord Channel it will be great to get more Participation. 

# 4. General Updates/Discussion

**Pooja Ranjan** [7:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=433s): On General stats Maybe are being increasing our followers it's good it's nice it's great to know that people are getting information via Ethereum Cat Herders and we are able to serve the community, as we intend to do all the time. But I would also request you to share the invite link with people you may know that they aren't aware of Ethereum Cat Herders. As from the obtained poll it looked like we still need a lot of awareness because we are mostly supporting protocol, very few people are aware of the changes that are getting in mostly they are looking into application layers. But we would love to invite more participation from Community who would like to contribute one protocol layer for that we are also engaged with EPF ethereum protocol fellowship and I also joined one of the startups meeting it is great and I'm happy to share that EPF also provides a scholarship if you are selected for that but if not you are still allowed to participate and follow the progress. You can join the Discord Channel. You can join the Monday startup meetings and share your questions. We have a lot of mentors around like all client teams have their bucket list of post projects that you can perhaps build and help ethereum protocol developer or if you are trying to build something of your own and you need some support and guidance from from these dev, they are available on the call as well as on the Discord Channel. So if you are listening if you are interested and you want to become a protocol developer especially ethereum protocol developer at one point of time I would recommend following EPF meetings and the communication. There is also Google mass mailing link you can also join that  mailing list, so you can get a latest update on that. On ECH website I could not make it to the meeting yesterday but as per my last conversation with George, we have updated the website especially the Dencun page with respect to Devnet #7 so you people should be able to find all information till Devnet #7. And we are trying to add as much as possible educational resources around it Dencun upgrade. So please check out Ethereumcarherders.com/dancun for the upgrade related information or resources. 

#  ECH Operations

**Pooja Ranjan** [9:30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=570s): On ECH operations we have been working on YouTube shorts. We have shared multiple shorts with respect to the PEEP meetings that we do, with respect to talks with EVM Community developers that we have and we are also having to have shorts for the projects which are demoing on Ethereum Cat Herders meetings. 

# General Community Update

**Pooja Ranjan** :In the past month, we had three demos organized for a different projects and this is just an announcement any other project or application if you would like to share more information about your project with our community, please bring me to join on the next Ethereum Cat Herders meeting or you can just leave a comment on the agenda. So we can get in touch and try to have your project scheduled for the next demo here. 

# PEEPanEIP

**Pooja Ranjan** :And on PEEPanEIP we are expecting more on Dencun like proposal #6780 which is SELF_DESTRUCT only in the same transaction. We will have a conversation with Guillame Ballet tomorrow at 18:30 UTC and after that we will be having a testing update by Paritosh Jayanti, Mario Vega and Barnabas Busa on August 16th. We do have one last proposal for this Dencun upgrade which is EIP #4788 beacon block root in the EVM. A talk with Alex Stokes, who is the proposer of this EIP on September 5th. We are also expecting the launch of Holesky testnet which is going to replace the present Goerli testnet on September 15th which is the day of the merge. And following September 15th like on September 19th, we will have Paritosh Jayanti and the team to talk about the Holesky testnet and how Ethereum Community can participate in this new public testmap. So there's a lot to cover on this upgrade and we have a lot of information for you. I hope you join one of one or the other EIP meetings to have your questions shared with the authors, but if you cannot we will have all the recordings available for you on the Ethereum Cat Herders YouTube. Please check out the PEEPanEIP playlist. So that's all about PEEPanEIP. I think we are still working on splitting. Is that the correct? Santosh?

**Santosh** [13:17](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=797s) : Yeah, it is correct.

**Pooja Ranjan** [13:20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=800s): Okay, so I hope from like by the end of this week, we should be able to atleast get the recording out for Octant followed by other projects that we had in the past.

**Santosh** [13:33](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=813s) Yes, that's for sure like three projects whatever we did for the last three last month, that can be done by this along with it newsletter something really published in this week. This has to agenda on me.

**Pooja Ranjan** [13:48](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=828s) : Awesome!  So we look forward for more regular newsletter. I know it was stopped for some time but we hope to revive it soon. 

# ECH Podcast
On ECH podcast if I remember correctly we are almost up to date. We just had two more to go, which we are expecting today and following Thursday. So that should be it and we would be like at par with the regular videos that we are sharing. By the way while I have William Schwab on the call, I just want to let you know William I have been receiving requests from Project to revive your podcast thing back. So whenever you get a chance.please let's restart that. 

# EIPs Insight & EIPsInsight website
Okay, the next thing on the agenda is EIPs Insight. So, we have EIPs Insight for the month of July ready. I will be publishing it soon on Twitter. According to this we have five proposals on Final in the month of July. And all these five proposals belong to ERC category. There are three proposals on a last call and these proposals are EIP #7329 which concluded its last call deadline just yesterday. Proposal #7329 is a meta proposal which is basically ERC EIP repositories Split. But announcement and because it's a meta proposal it suggests that it is something that is going to happen for sure. The last call deadline ended just yesterday. So we are expecting this proposal to be moved to the fun and startup very soon. Other two proposals where EIP #6066. And I think the proposal is now fine. Yes the proposal is in the list of finals so that's great and there is one other proposal ERC #5008. The deadline is ending on August 15. This is ERC #721 non extension. So people if you have any thoughts
comment suggestion on proposal #5008. Please feel free to share it before August 15th, because we would like not to make any changes once the proposal moved to the final status. In addition to this we have received 12 draft proposals this month. Obviously proposal #7329 which was a meta proposal, I mentioned, is going to be moved to the final very soon. Apart from that we have four core six ERC and one interface proposal EIP #7039 scheme Handler Discovery option for wallets by Sam Wilson. Please check out these new proposals and share your thoughts. If you have comments or thoughts you can share it on Fellowship
of Ethereum Magician. So authors may know and we can have respective changes added in the specs, before  proposal moves to the last call or final. So that's about EIPs Insight. Today is 1st of August and so far there is not much. So we'll provide further updates in the following meeting. 

# Meeting notes and action items for ECH
Okay, that's about EIPs Insight and the next one is meeting notes. I do not see the link added here on the agenda but I'm hoping most of the notes are available, if not I think Santosh if you may if you don't mind sending another reminder to the users upgrade. Thank you and we hope to have all the notes ready sooner rather than later. Okay so the next item will be your initiative and association. One information that I would like to share. I am hoping to work with the some of the foundation team members to encourage more email devs to join the Ethereum Community and for that. I think my first meeting is planned this Friday. So I hope to share more information. And in the meantime any female dev if you are listening to this meeting and if you are interested trying to make your room to the Ethereum  ecosystem. Do not hesitate to reach me. I am available on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord or you can also find me on Twitter at poojaranjan19. There are a team and we are hoping to come up with more announcements. So you can also participate in a regular stand-up meetings and get more information about how to get engaged. So that's something new we are working on and apart from that. I think we have covered most of the agenda item. Anyone on the call has anything to maybe add, share or any question that I can answer today.  

**Santosh** [20:14](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=1214s): Maybe on the Dencun upgrade, we have a good amount of information with our YouTube videos as well as our ECH website right will translate into it tweets. And maybe you will share it from our official Twitter account or from your account.

**Pooja Ranjan** [20:32](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=1232s) : That's a very good idea. Yeah we can do that. So like in Dencun I'm assuming how many, 7 EIPs are going in and there would be one engine API change. I am assuming but engine API is not coming up as an EIP but yeah we have like seven plus one proposals or yeah information that we would want to share so if you could like convert them into shorter tweet. We can get it done like every two or three days or have once a week because we have some time.

**Santosh** [21:08](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=1268s) Sure okay.

**Pooja Ranajan** [21:11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWtC9wfJ-7M&t=1271s): Anything else? Very well, just another round of announcement here. Any project if you would like to demo on Ethereum Cat Herders Please reach out to us on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord or you can leave a comment to the next meeting and we'll be happy to have you on the call and let the Community know about your project. Anyone interested in participating and sharing more information about fellowship and hackathon, we do have a dedicated Channel about fellowship and hackathon. If you are going to devconnect Istanbul and you would like to represent a Ethereum Cat Herders or you would want to have more information about us, reach out on Discord. And yeah any new suggestion the way how Ethereum Cat Herders can be more helpful to the community to let us know. On that note thank you everyone for joining us today. I hope to see you in two weeks. Enjoy your day, good one everyone. Thank you.

-------------------------

## Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* William Schwab
* Santosh J
* Anoothi
* Daniel Gretzke
* GeorgeHervey
* JA
* Kevin Hein	

### Next Meeting Date/Time: Aug 15, 2023 at 14:00 UTC
