# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 106  Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: April 11, 2023 at 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 0.5 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/345)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting]([https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSQgMEmLKfc](https://youtu.be/j1l24fWLNrg))
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Alen(Santhosh)

----

## DECISIONS & ACTION ITEMS

**DECISION/ACTION ITEM 106.1**:  Santhosh to share the general community update video shorts.
**DECISION/ACTION ITEM 106.2**:  When we speak with an author about a specific proposal, such as the Diamond standard. So the author informed me that this diamond standard is used in these, these, and these projects. So we can obviously have that listed, and it will serve as a reference point for future adapt developers who want to implement Diamond Standard in their project and can look into the code base of other open source projects. That is the type of theme we are attempting to achieve here.

------------
## Intro
**Poooja Rajan**
* Welcome to thereum Cat Herders #106. I have shared agenda in chat. This is issue number 345 on Ethe CAT holders PM repository. We have a few item lined up for discussion and sharing today with the community. first is of course, the network upgrade. 
* Then we'll, mention the events, hackathons and fellowship going on, and, would like to discuss new initiative and association what Ethereum Cat Herders can do to support the Ethereum ecosystem. 

## Shanghai & Capella [0.51](https://youtu.be/j1l24fWLNrg)
**Poooja Rajan**
* So, so maybe starting with the, the first one that is Ethereum Network upgrade, Shap Shanghai and cala Upgrade. We are expecting, this upgrade tomorrow. I have shared the link to the block post shared by Ethereum Cat Herders. So, the upgrade is, scheduled for April 12th at 22, 27, 35 UDC. 
* Ethereum Cat Herders in association with each stickers are trying to have a live stream of that. I've shared the link where people can join us and maybe share some questions with the EIP authors whose proposals are getting in there. We will be joined by other developers and, core protocol coordinators. 
* So yeah, please tune in 30 minutes before the upgrade time and hopefully this will be very smooth upgrade, just like, any other, and, yeah, see you all there. Yes, that is right, Etson. So this is the link I have been talking to a few media, couple of weeks ago we shared about Chap, like how Capella is named with Coindesk. 
* Then recently I had a chat with Forbes and the Blocks. I'm happy to see that people are trying to verify the facts about Ethereum and what's getting in and how we are looking Ethereum upgrade. So yeah, check out some of the general media post that's about Capella. And we are also moving towards, Cancun & Deneb upgrade, which will be called as Deneb upgrade. 

## Cancun & Deneb upgrade [2.25](https://youtu.be/j1l24fWLNrg?t=155)
**Poooja Rajan**
* That is the upgrade planned right after the Capella. Happy to share that. there are progress going on on the proposals, which are expected with that, like people are discussing. Obviously, EIP 4844 is the anchor EIP  for the upgrade. That means, everything else will be revolving around. 
* We need to make sure that this is one EIP  that we want to ship for sure, and whatever else can be added along with that. We'll try to keep on adding that from the last update shared on consensus layer call, it looks like EIP 4844 may be ready for  multi-client dev net we'll be looking forward to hear more on that in the next,EIP 4844 implementers call for the past one. I have shared the recording and also added the tweet thread of tenants in which he shared the latest test by the present client with the implementation of EIP 4844. Similarly there is another development team who, who are making progress with the EUF proposals. So EUF implementers meetings also happens biweekly, recording is shared and I have also added notes for EUF. 
* However, EUF, devnet seems to be a little far right now. Like, proposals needs to be a little more clearly specked out. Some changes are going on Alex Zazi, also suggested discussing spec changes with respect to ERC 4337 for the EUF in a future meeting. So hopefully there would be more things coming up to learn about, this EUF proposal and the mega EUF first set of proposals that has been shared. The next meeting for EUF implementers is planned on April 19th at 1500 UTC. So that's all about, upgrades.
* Anyone has any question, comment, anything anyone would like to add? Well, this is general piece of information, so I hope, this is good. If anyone has question, feel free to drop in the chat or we can always answer that on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord.

## 2. Events, Fellowship, Hackathon [4.49](https://youtu.be/j1l24fWLNrg?t=299)
**Poooja Rajan**
* Moving on. the next section is events, fellowship and hackathon I had a chat, with the ETH India Fellowship team. So I'm trying to contribute to the Devfolio team with respect to the fellowship they organized generally for, Ethereum community at India I have added link to the video that was shared, just today about EIF 3.0. The specific topic was scaling and I tried to share information with respect to the upcoming upgrade, like how Ethereum is planning to have a scaling the L1 scaling. But the other speaker also talked about L2 and L3 scaling as well. 
* I found the information, shared in that presentation by the other speaker. Very useful. So please take a look. The video link is added in the agenda there are a few other events and, hackathon listed here.
* We are expecting, the application for next billion fellowship cohort by Ethereum Foundation. The deadline is April 28. So if you are interested in participating that, please submit your application before April 28th. ETH Boston is planned on April 29 and 30. I'm hopefully be speaking on behalf of Ethereum Cat Herders. Unfortunately, I cannot make it to in person there. but, I'll be hoping to have a fireside chat, with the other panelist talking about Ethereum Cat Herders specifically there is Coindesk Consensus Protocol from Ethereum. we are joined by, Faren. 
* There would be one representative charge from the, Ethereum Protocol Fellowship, and I will be joining, at the event, to talk about Ethereum and what, we can be expect we are expecting with, the future upgrades of Ethereum.
* Similarly, there is edcon. We do have great speakers lined up for Edcon, which is planned in the month of, May 19 to 23 to check out the great speakers over there. This is, Ethereum Developer's Conference. We hope to see a lot of good talks from this particular event. 
* Eth Tokyo is probably going, will be going on from April 14th, and there are a couple of other Eth related, hackathons lined up. Check out the entire list on the agenda.
* Quick question. Anyone around Austin planning to join CoinDesk? I have an extra ticket. I can share it with anyone of you, anyone who's planning to join. Feel free to ping me on this card. if anyone is around, happy to have an in.
* Move on, to the next item here. This is new initiative and association I was talking to Santhosh earlier before this call that we are trying to work around integration for Telegram and Discord to have a dedicated channel for ERC 4337. There's a lot of things going on, lot of implementation going on, and we are hoping to have a couple of proposals coming up with respect to 4337 implementation and maybe how that can be used by different, proposals, different standards. So this Telegram has been integrated with Discord. Unfortunately, it looks like it stopped working yesterday, so I will have to take a look like why this part has been disconnected. But, for people to know, we have, a specific channel at, Ethereum Cat Herders discord, which is called as ERC 4337, for projects who are implementing them or if they are looking for any kind of help. 
* We do have mentors over there. So please, feel free to drop in your question, comment, and, like anything that you would like to learn about 4337 in that specific channel. 

## New initiative/association [9.36](https://youtu.be/j1l24fWLNrg?t=576)
**Poooja Rajan**
* The next one is, some updates coming up on ECH website. I think I had a chat with George about some changes. George, if you would like to take this point to maybe share more information about it. 

**George** 
* Yeah, so this would be like, adding a page for the Cancun update the upgrade, and pretty much, it would be nice to get some resources on what to share on that page. So I know, the proto Dan charting and some of the other, things that related to Cancun, maybe I'm mixing that up with Capella that would be helpful and then in terms of timeline, I'm unsure, but I guess we could discuss that either now or, in the discord. 

**Poooja Rajan**
* Yeah, I think we can definitely add up the proposal for it 4844 the proto sharding one and maybe some of the EUF proposal there is mega EUF spec that I think could be useful. But yeah, anyone has any other suggestion that they would like to add or share how we should create this page or how this page should look like? So that is one and I'm not sure we just discussed it, so if you would like to share thoughts about the other option that we were thinking of. 

**George** 
* Yeah, you mean the the directory thing? 

**Poooja Rajan**
* Well, that's right. Yeah. 

**George**
* Yeah. So, we discussed this a little bit yesterday where one of the things that could be helpful for, the whole ecosystem is, providing like a whole directory of projects that have implemented certain EIP standards. So these would be EIP standards that are under the ERC track, the application layer. 
* Since those are kind of like the bulk of standard implementations this could be served as a good reference for, new projects that want to see examples of how a certain standard is implemented or ways to integrate with other projects where, they follow like a similar standard that  is compatible so, in terms of like technical work it's not too much, but there's definitely a lot more, work in terms of like the interpersonal, talking to these projects or finding some way to have it where, we collect the information on these projects but definitely wanted to get a kinda a feeler, and this is just an idea right now, a feeler of what other people think about this idea. 

**Poooja Rajan**
* I don't know anyone on the call may have, information about any kind of existing tool or any website that can help us with this information. When we talk to an author, about a particular proposal, say for example, the Diamond standard. So the author told me like, this diamond standard is implemented in these, these, these projects. So we can obviously have that thing listed and it'll be a reference point for future adapt developers if they want to implement Diamond Standard in their project, they can look into the code base of the other open source projects.
* So that is, the kind of theme that we are trying to do here. Similarly, we know that self-destruct is something that, will be discontinued in future. Eth developers are considering deprecating that and may not be supporting, the contract. So, we are trying to find out a way in which we can collect information of these, projects who are already using that and probably let them know what's going on and invite them for, discussing this, with the proposed, EIP which will eventually deprecate, find a better way, so they, it does not, affect their project. 
* These are the thought process behind this particular suggestion that we are hoping to create a placeholder for to reach us and also add their project. That would be kind of their, you know, information sharing platform as well to let us know if what people think about it, if needed. We can probably add the, I mean, like, we can invite comment in the agenda, this agenda itself, drop it later on if you would like to, share it with us on the Ethereum Cat Herders discord..

**Poooja Rajan**
* All right. those were two points that we were considering for updating our Cat Herders website and making it more useful for people. 

## Splitting the ECH meeting video to create a general community update video and share with the community [15.09](https://youtu.be/j1l24fWLNrg?t=909)
* Okay. The next one here is, splitting the ECH meeting video to create general community video update. This was discussed last week with, like proposed by s generally speaking. I feel that this is a good idea and know we could not work on it yet, but hopefully we can plan about it some, sometimes in this week or the next week, because the upgrade is tomorrow. So after that, we should have some time. 
* Anyone has any thoughts or any concern with this or maybe any other suggestion that could help us? Or Santhosh if you would like to add anything on top of what you shared last time? 

**Santhosh**
* I'm good. I think  I'll give it a try and I'll share a small video with you folks. and based on that we can build upon. I'll try talk from, I'll try it off from the this week's update, whatever has been share so far. 

**Poooja Rajan**
* Awesome. I mean, if we can make probably a short, like even not, full video kind of thing, maybe under one minute kind of thing. correct YouTube shots with lots of work. 

**Santhosh**
* Yeah,  I'm mostly preferring to shorts within like 42, 60 seconds of the max. 

**Poooja Rajan**
* Sounds good. Like I, yeah, I have experimented, the shots idea with the, PIP videos that we share for the 4844 video I created, I think three or four shots and we shared it. That gets pretty good view and yeah, I, I assume that it's gonna help with our SEO search thing. 

**Santhosh**
* Sure. 

**Poooja Rajan**
* Thank you. Yeah. And the last option is any new ideas for community engagement? Anyone on the call? If you have anything to share? Feel free. 

**JA**
* I got a question. Mm-hmm. I'm sorry. are we in Instagram? 

**Poooja Rajan**
* Not yet. 

**JA**
* Okay. That would be nice to have. ECH in Instagram. Basically the, the blockchain community worldwide move between due to and Instagram. But Instagram is, of course, there is a lot of noise, but you, if if we, if we want to reach more people, I think that we, we should consider going into instrument. 

**Edson ayllon**
* What would we post on Instagram? I know, crypto communities are very active on Twitter and then from then it's probably Reddit but I don't, I can't think of a single organization, that's very popular on Instagram. maybe I'm not aware of them. 

**JA**
* You mean like Coinbase, Binance and even Twitter and everybody else? 

**Edson ayllon**
* I mean, Just yeah, Binance. 

**JA**
* No, that's okay.I don't want to have a, a social media discussion into the ech, but we can, we can talk about. It just was an idea. Doesn't go, doesn't go. It goes go. 

**Poooja Rajan**
* Yeah, no, I mean, we can definitely discuss if there is good suggestion. Social media is something that we are trying to explore, but  I don't know. For some reason I align with what Edon suggests here. Like I have not, seen many projects. I mean, obviously I have seen that news like Coindesk kind of thing on Instagram but I'm not very confident. 
* Like I feel like there are bigger crypto Twitter community, who are following kind of this core development thing more closely. But we can definitely explore that. what we would need is like someone to maintain that page, make proper updates, now and then, and yeah, that's how we can have it. Right now we are on Twitter, discord, YouTube, and LinkedIn. The followers on LinkedIn are less in number, but we are continuously sharing information over there. Whatever we publish. 

**JA**
* Well, that's fine. I just, I mean, we want to reach, I mean, I don't see why not. That's, It's not in scientific or technical. Whatever we want to increase over, reach out, why not cover one of the biggest social media in the world, which is in Instagram. I would even think about placing the videos in TikTok. 
* I mean, why not? I mean, we want to reach, I another speaking, don't, don't get me wrong, of course, there are a lot of technical if we want to discuss Twitter and, you know, and even Facebook or whatever, or media. But if you want to reach, we just need to, need to go to every, every single media. Of course we will. 
* I mean, we will choose. I mean, you will choose, I mean, the content, the proper content according to for standards and, and goals. But for reaching, we need to be in everywhere with the proper content. Of course. I agree with that. 

**Edson ayllon**
* Yeah, I think there's more at least finance and crypto on TikTok and we have a YouTube. We could make some shorts, put them on TikTok. That might be easier using existing YouTube content. 

**JA**
* That's good. That's a good one. Yep, for sure. 

**Poooja Rajan**
* We would also need someone who can manage these social media to like, yeah,  I would love help on that. Right now we are managing, Twitter, LinkedIn, and I do post everything that we publish on YouTube or, on medium on Reddit as well. but definitely if there is anyone who are good in that. Okay, thank you so much, Santosh for volunteering here. That would, that would be really great help. Okay, let's consider that too. And Santosh will be working on the YouTube shorts. Let's see the video first, and then we'll try to have an account over there and let's check out the response. Based on that, we'll decide whether we can continue posting or not. 
* Thank you for the suggestion. Anything else anyone would like to bring up today? All right, we can move on to the next item and we'll come back at the end if we have some time.

## 4. General updates/discussion [22.13](https://youtu.be/j1l24fWLNrg?t=1333)
* So next one is a general update and discussion. Okay. We already discussed the Cancun page at ECH website. The meeting from here on will be at 1400 UTC. Thank you for everyone joining on time. And for people who miss today, we are trying to have this meeting at 1400 UTC to make sure that all Ethereum meetings are on the same time. And I think this is a good time for even for Asian people to join us. 
* For ECH starts, have updated it recently. we have over 6,500 followers on Twitter desk card, 1800 plus users. YouTube is over 3000 subscriber and LinkedIn is less than 300 followers. So we are hoping to increase our follower base. We want the information to be shared with more people. So if you haven't subscribed, I know 80% of views are coming up from non-subscriber and I can see that on analytics. So if you are enjoying our content, please subscribe to YouTube Ethereum Cat Herders, YouTube, it's at ETH Cat Herders. An yeah, we try to share all information on Twitter and Ethereum Cat Herders discord as well. Please share with like-minded people if you want, more people to join. If you know someone would be help with this group, please invite them. The next one is ECH Engineering. I wondered Jose, if you have any kind of update to add? 

**JA**
* Yeah, just briefly. We, passed the test suite finally, and the format and clip cargo and are working with us, not against us. So some suggests to make some co change. So I gonna be doing the changes during this week, so I hope for the next EIP meeting we will present the finally the pull request. 

**Poooja Rajan**
* Awesome, thank you. On ECH podcast I think ZK is not on the call, but he has been working on some changes to be brought up. He came up with some new ideas for the thumbnails cover images for podcast, as well as the Ethereum Cat Herders version of that, I mean, as well as the PEEPanEIP video version of that. So we are experimenting with some new thumbnails around there. And, I think, we have caught up. The videos are alive on PEEPanEIP are also available on Ethereum Cat Herders podcast these podcasts are available on all, almost all podcast platform.You can find the link to all of them at Ethereum Cat, YouTube, sorry, at Ethereum Cat Herders.com page. we have a podcast page in which we have listed all the other podcast platform where Cat Herders, hers, are sharing our information.
* So that's there on EIPs insight. I think, the website and the HackMD both are updated. We have three proposals in final status. I'm just trying to pull out the report here. So we have three proposals in final status, five and last call to review and six drafts added proposals in, last call there are three proposals, which are core proposal, which is which are EIP 3855 push instruction E P 3 86 limit and minute meter in it code E 4 8 95. These are planned for, Capella upgrade. So I hope that after tomorrow they can be moved towards the, final status. 
* However, proposals on ERC category EIP 6220 and EIP 6105 for 6105. The deadline has already passed. Author can probably create a request to move the proposal to the final status. However, 6220, still have the last call deadline till 18th of April from any anyone from the community. If you want to share any thoughts about this particular proposal, if it works for you, if it does not work for you, if you have suggestions, if you think that something needs to be changed before it goes into final status, please leave your comment at Fellowship of Ethereum Magician, the respective page for this proposal. because once the proposal is finalized, we would not like to have any more changes going in. So till the last call period is there, leave your suggestions, thoughts for author to consider and make the appropriate changes before moving this proposal to final status linked to the Hack MD is already added in the agenda. You can, check out for other, EIP, into review and draft statuses For people.
* For PEEPanEIP,  last week we shared, about EIP 48 44, and this week we have planned for EIP 5 7 57. So there are many people who are coming across this question of which link can be inserted into EIP , like what are permissible link and what are not. So this EIP 5 7 57 is a meta EIP P and it talks about, this is specific, question. So if you are an author, your proposal is in pull request or you are not able to move to the next status because there is a link that you want to add into your EIP  I would highly recommend to join the discussion with Samuelson tomorrow at 1830 utc. The recording of this meeting will be shared, shared on following Monday, but it would be good to have a conversation with the author itself. And if you cannot join, please feel free to leave your question, comment, concern, either on chat like this discord, channel.You can write it on, general or you can leave it at the Twitter thread. You can respond back to that. We'll try to share this with, the author and hopefully your question gets answered there. 
* There are a few other upcoming talks. Check out the schedule, added in the agenda for PEEPanEIP discussion. Anyone has anything else to share? Any proposal that they think we should be including in PEEPanEIP any discussion that we haven't done it already. Please feel free to share your thoughts. Let us know. I'll be trying to reach out to the authors to have that conversation done. We are reaching towards the end of this agenda items. Next one is meeting notes. I think we have meeting notes for almost all the meeting here.
* Yeah. ACDE 158 ACDC 106, EIPIP 78. Thank you Santosh so much for working on notes section and filling of for people who aren't available. We really appreciate your contribution here.
* Okay, well, looks like we are at the end of the discussion. Anyone has any other thing that they would like to share, discuss, or propose for future meeting? Cool. Cool. So for node runners, update your notes if you haven't done it already. Ethereum Capella upgrade is approaching tomorrow. It is, about, 36 hours. Yeah, approximately 36 hours from now maybe. And, please join us on the livestream at Ethereum Protocol YouTube. Thank you everyone for joining us today. Hope to see you in two weeks. Have a good one, everyone. 

**JA**
Excellent. Thank you. Thanks, bye. Thanks, bye. Thanks. 

----
Attendee
* Pooja Ranjan 
* Edson ayllon
* George
* JA
* Santhosh
* Vijaya Priya 

----
Next meeting on April 25, 2023 at 14:00 UTC [Please note the change of meeting time]




