# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 25 Notes


### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday, 7 January 2020 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration:  37:11 min
### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/105)
### [Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/tkR-C3DX1TE)
### Moderator: Hudson Jameson    
### Notes: Sachin Mittal


# **Summary:**

## **DECISIONS MADE**

- **Decision 25.1:** Hosting a workshop on how to setup Eth 1.0 nodes, and Eth 2.0 testnets. Anett, William and Tim will coordinate on this.   
- **Decision 25.2:** Add the feedback on the EF community page, and make a final PR. Relevant people to contact are Sam josh, Charles. 
- **Decision 25.3:** Hudson has updated the list of active and inactive members. 
- **Decision 25.4:** Follow up with Hugo on ECH website update, helena will help with the content for the same. 
- **Decision 25.5:** Added Edson and Sachin to the private telegram group of ECH. 

## **ACTIONS REQUIRED** 

- **Action 25.1:** ECH 2020 Roadmap has to be completed by the end of Jan. (Pooja and Charles are already working on it)
- **Action 25.2:** Choosing ECH coordinator in chief, and deciding funding for the same. 
- **Action 25.3:** Migration of DAI and use of DSR/other Savings options. (Charles is working on it)
- **Action 25.4:** Hudson will talk to the legal team in regards with original youtube channel for EF. 


# 1. ECH Newsletter working group update

- **Hudson:** I was not at the last meeting, so I don't have any context on that. 
- **Pooja:** We created a group and scheduled people who are interested in writing the ECH Newsletter 


** ** 
# 2. ECH-ETH Magician collaboration 
- **Hudson:** Anett has posted a [link](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/call-for-action-ethcc-paris-2020/3849/4), and please look at it. 
- **Anett:** We have got some ideas from the community forum, and I really like the idea of hosting a workshop on how to setup Eth 1.0 nodes, and Eth 2.0 testnet. We can run these as sessions in ECC. I'm curious if anybody from ECH is willing to help or know somebody who can help in running these sessions.    
- **William:** I am unsure of running the entire workshop on 1.0 but I run geth, and I can definitely help.
- **Annet:** Thank you, we can take this further online then.  
- **Tim** I can also help with the Eth 1.0, and maybe put you in touch with others too. 
- **Annet:** Thank you, I have also created and shared the spreadsheet in the chat, so feel free to add those people over there or reach me out.  

- **Hudson:** Pooja, will there be a workshop and attendees from marketing dao in ECC?
- **Pooja:** I am not sure about the ECC, but we will be there in Eth Denver. We are trying to represent at every conference, so once I get the information on this, I will give the update. 
- **Hudson:** So, are you going to Eth Denver or somebody else?
- **Pooja:** Not me, but somebody from our team and we are trying to get a booth and speak there.

* Hudson and Brent will also be there in EthDenver.
** **

- **ACTION 2.1**: Prepare for the ECC workshop of how to setup Eth 1.0 nodes, and Eth 2.0 testnet nodes. Interested people can reach out to Anett and add their names in the spreadsheet. (William and Tim are willing to help)
 
** **

**William:** I have got to leave early today, so can we cover the 9th agenda item first?
**Hudson:** Yeah, sure. 

# 3. Discuss the PR to Ethereum.org about ECH page (Agenda item 9)

- **William:** I was wondering, what is going on with the PR for ethereum org. 
- **Charles:** Ethereum organisation is working on a community page and the idea was to combine                  the PR that William made with this page as well and there was an open google doc                  for feedbacks, but I don't think we have put much feedbacks there, so it's kind of                pending. I will resend the link.
- **William:** Sure. I feel that this has been stalled. Do you know what would it take for this                  to move to the next level, who are the relevant parties to push it on?
- **Charles:** I guess we just add the feedback, and once we agree on wording and the sections of                the page, then it can be simply made into final PR. And the relevant parties are                  Sam Josh, myself and the whole ECH. 

# 4. EIP Improvement Process Meeting

**Hudson:** I have formed a telegram group for the EIP Improvement process. We are going to start it from next week, after Ethereum core dev call. If you want to be added to the group, message me on telegram or else, mail me at hudson@ethereum.org

# 5. ECH 2020 Roadmap

- **Hudson:** I feel we need a roadmap to showcase our propaganda to other groups when we ask for money. We should try to get this done by the end of january. 
- **Pooja:** Actually, charles and me are already working on it, and we will try to come with a one-pager. Also, I would also request feedback on that another document that sums up 1 year of ECH, thank you for the comments hudson, but if  anybody else want to add the comments.  
- **Hudson:** Great. The link is posted in the zoom chat. Please have a look at it. 

# 6. Idea: Pay for a part time ECH coordinator in chief

- **Hudson:** I think that as we grow in 2020, we will be still be able to do the same thing like we're doing today but we'll be adding new people , applying for donations,will be managing money, will be managing who the note takers are and stuff like that and I think things slip through the cracks times and as we get more things that's gonna just get worse so having someone get paid for ECH to be a part-time position like hourly with some of the funds that we collect. I think that will be a good idea. 

* All agreed. 

# 7. Migration of DAI and use of DSR/other Savings options

**Charles:** I am pretty behind due to the busy december, but I will send the document by this week to telegram/ gitter channel for review. The document will explain the migration process, and how can we use our funds to earn extra. 

# 8. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs

- **Hudson:** I think here we are talking about the issues in PM repository. 
- **Tim:** I think, last time we did a pretty good clean up, but we can have a look again. 
- **Pooja:** There are couple of new issues. 
- **Hudson:** Yeah, I merged the meeting notes of ECH#24 meeting. And there was one with the issue of ordering, and there is some conflict so let's have a look at that one. And who is Edson?
- **Pooja:** Yeah, he is part of the note-takers group. 
- **Hudson:** I think we should add Sachin and Edson, to our private telegram group so that they can have more idea of what we are doing. 
- **Sachin:** That will be awesome. 
- **Hudson:** Great! Also, can someone look at the aforementioned issue? Because there is a merge conflict. 
- **Tim Bieko:** I will ping edson to sort this out. As it is easier to pull it locally, and resolve the conflicts instead of doing it through the github editor. 
- **Pooja:** There are couple of new issues, like forkmon. 
- **Hudson:** I think, we should handle this when james is on the call, since these are his issues. So, we will ask james about what he wants to do with that. 

# 9. Documenting/removing inactive cat herders from the private chat

- **Hudson:** I think we should be pretty flexible about it, and more active members like sachin to private chat later since it contains a lot of information. Let's start with the non-active members, (Jaime pit) I think we should leave him there as he is fellow of the ethereum magician. And since they are coordinating a lot with us, it would be good if we make sure that he stays in the loop. 
- **Anett:** Jamie won't attend the call, as he doesn't coordinate with them. 
- **Hudson:** He doesn't have to attend the call, to be active. He can provide his insights on the ongoing discussion. 
- **Hudson:** Is Chris Ramos active? Basically, the cut-off should be august to determine if one is active or not. 
- **Charles:** Yeah, he is PM at ENS, and has done a lot of stuff in the community on other blockchains. He also started a telegram group which gives people information about the blockchain PM jobs. 
- **Hudson:** Great, I will put them in the active list. Since we can always add them back, I will purge those members. Any other thoughts about those on the list?
- **Pooja:** About chris ramos, recently he suggested the use of his telegram group to find more      people for ECH. 

# 10. ECH Website Update

- **Hudson:** Who does that?
- **Charles:** It's typically hugo, and Adam Schimdt. And I will renew the domain name since I have it on my account. 
- **Hudson:** Do you need funds for that?
- **Charles:** Good point, I will mention how much it cost, and will set up the transaction. 
- **Helena:** I am having to help with the content, once I have acccess. I will get in touch with hugo about that. 

# 11. Review of outstanding action items

- **Hudson:**  All action items are addressed, either completed or in process. So, we have just one action item i.e. ECH 2020 Roadmap. 
- **Pooja:** I have seen this discussion around about the fake youtube channels of EF. Edson addressed this issue and curated a list of all the youtube channels. 
- **Hudson:** Let's put that as another action item, I will have to talk to the legal team at the EF because we need a trademark number in order to submit the claim. 


## Attendees

- Tim Beiko
- Pooja Ranjan
- Hudson
- Charles
- Brent Allsop
- William
- Sachin Mittal
- Helena
- William
- Anett