# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 80  Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday  15 March 2022 at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 0.5 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/274)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5Rg2qDYRtk&t=5s)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Avishek Kumar

------------

# 1. Ethereum  network upgrades

**William Schwab**: Okay fine so I am dropping the agenda into chat now and we'll kick off ethereum cat herders meeting number 80. 
Agenda - new users on ECH discord and or contributors introduction I don't think there's anybody new on the call.

**Brent Allsop**: Edson scheduled for notes is he going to do that or i haven't heard from Edson for a while.

**William Schwab**: I haven't seen Edson in a meeting for a while so, if he has been then I would imagine what he's doing. He's taking notes post facto off of the recording. This is being recorded so I think that should be fine.

## [The Merge](https://ethereumcatherders.com/the_merge/)

[Announcing the Kiln Merge Testnet](https://blog.ethereum.org/2022/03/14/kiln-merge-testnet/)

**William Schwab**: Okay cool so the first item is about the merge and announcing the kiln merged tesla which I am assuming is why pooja isn't here even. So kiln is one of the merge testnets to try and work towards merging the proof-of-stake and current blockchain state of ethereum together. They are launching a testnet now. There's a live stream which should also be going on now if i'm not mistaken, through the foundation on youtube so I guess by the time anyone's listening to this after the fact because I am not sure if we are live streaming or not then that probably won't be a thing but either way.

EL Merge Client Release Naming - [FEM post](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/el-merge-client-release-naming/7928/14), [Recording](https://youtu.be/BnaF8pOMsMU), [Announcement Post](https://hackmd.io/@poojaranjan/ELClientReleaseName)

**William Schwab**: EL merge client release naming. I am not personally aware of what this is but it sounds like I would have to guess probably something about bundling clients together as in moving forward there's basically two different kinds of client, you have got one which i an execution client which would be like you know eth or the client formerly known
as Parity or Nethermind etc. Then you've got validation clients like lighthouse prysm and lodestar and the rest of them. So I am assuming this is something about that but I don't know exactly what unfortunately. I see a link to a magician's post. Oh and an announcement post also let me see if I can quickly try and get this. Oh so this is the name for different specs for the testnet. It looks like the last one was I think Bellatrix after the star and then I think this one might be. Oh I am totally going to pronounce this wrong Haloclient or something like that  for the Pari’s release. There's Haloclient or however that's properly pronounced Serenity. Pari’s and finally which is kind of funny.

## [Shanghai specs](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/master/network-upgrades/mainnet-upgrades/shanghai.md), [Tracker](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/projects/1)

**William Schwab**: So yeah item after that is specs for the shanghai upgrade and a tracker for how far along. Okay fine I think I get what this is so the next item is about ethereum network upgrades. In general the next hard fork or network upgrade is supposed to be shanghai. There you can find the agenda. There is a kind of kanban board through github. Tracking which eips may or may not be included in that hard fork. If you're interested in
seeing them.

# 2. Events & hackathon
 
**William Schwab**: Okay that brings us up to the next category which are events and hackathons. So there's a few things that I see are supposed to be discussed here. It looks like it's for women's day. There's been a few things that the cat herders have been involved in. Pooja was involved through the cat herders with a talk or a panel called the future of inclusion 3.0 um which is in the cat herders youtube if anybody is interested in seeing that. Ethernals is, I believe , a hackathon. I am not mistaken. Yeah um which is through india which is ongoing started on February 25th will be going on until March 27th um the east women fellowship is also currently ongoing started February 7th going on through early April that's also through dev folio. Devconnect is kind of like the mini devcon that'll be in Amsterdam in April. There's also a number of events which have sprung up around it. Cat Herders looks like will be present by the OG council which is being hosted by the ethereum
magicians. If anybody from the Cat Herders is going to Amsterdam and would like to represent, please let us know, probably Pooja.  Probably also let me know if you wanted 

**Brent Allsop**: Yes so yeah anyone have any info on eth  dever I mean Devconnect

**William Schwab**: next year 

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah that's in october

**William Schwab**: I feel like  they did release dates. It is in october. Is there anything specific you're looking to know about it.

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah just wondering you know when is it, when the tickets going out or anyway I will check up on that 

**William Schwab**: Okay fine I mean obviously if you want to go and you want to represent 

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah I definitely want to go to that one.

**william Schwab**:  All right awesome I mean if there's enough characters going. Also it could be that you could do some kind of event either through devcon itself, probably a little bit trickier or outside of it even if it's just for dinner or something like that. That's an idea. It might be nice for those of you who aren't as antisocial as I am.

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah I'll try and push for something like that.

# 3. ECH Updates 

[ECH website](https://www.ethereumcatherders.com/)

**William Schwab**:  Cool all right, let's do updates. So ECH website. let's see if it's live. I think that would be the big update to see if it actually loads now. It does load. Yes, so I don't know what happened under the load.

**Brent Allsop**: And there was nothing enjoyable.

**William Schwab**: Yeah we were offline for quite some time but we do actually seem to be back in action. So if anybody wants to point their browsers towards www.ethereumcharacters.com.  You can see our wonderful website once again. There's probably a story there. Pooja has said that she probably will make it in before the end of the meeting, so we might get a little bit of an update from her there.

[ECH engineering](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/266)

**William Schwab**: Alita I see that you're here. Would you be able to give an update for ECH engineering.

**Alita**: Yeah so I mean my involvement with ECH engineering has kind of been reducing over time.I know uh that there's like an initiative or like a lot of effort in the pay to earn or wait like the whole earned them learn2earn. Yeah and then the bot like so did the funding for. ECH engineering is kind of low or kind of small right now and I know that like we're using or we're like kind of trying to get a lot of community support and like decentralise the work um and so kind of what that means is my eventual  like not being part of like ECH engineering potentially in the futurther and so kind of along those lines. You know my involvement . Recently I haven't been doing too much. I think like the past month so I am just not gonna ask for payment for that. But anyways the people currently I am thinking I have seen more involvement from like panda one panda one [time stamp : 08:26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5Rg2qDYRtk&t=5s?506) seems really helpful. I had a conversation with Mr Yalamanchi. I believe his name is and that went well. Yeah I also had a conversation with. I am talkinging with one other person but the point is  that I am not totally sure. I mean you know I am happy to take time to know more but yeah I am kind of dissociating a little bit.

**William Schwab**: Okay, so again I guess if Pooja makes it on she might be able to update a little bit with that also especially with learn2earn which she's pretty heavily involved with. Okay so I do see here it says in the agenda that we need a Ruby dev. There's anybody who's listening who has some Ruby superpowers and is interested in contributing enough. Wow that was a complete fail of the sentence and I am interested in contributing to the future of the decentralised ecosystem then get in touch. There's also a learn2earn item here again. That'll go to Pooja 

Cat blazers

**William Schwab**: Next one up is cat blazers which is me.After a little bit of a haste just because of a lot of things happening at the same time. The podcast is back; we released an episode last week with chase chapman on devs and should be releasing one this week about wallets with Taylor Monahan. I hope that it comes out on time, recording already. It's just a matter of getting it out. ECH medium to mirror. So I was actually supposed to edit and release an article that Pooja had written through the ECH mirror that I had forgotten to do. So until I saw it on the agenda here I needed to do that ENS names. The ENS names have been transferred to the cat herders. After a little bit of conversation there was a little bit of a mistake about which name we were gonna set for primary that should be set up now.

There's just a bunch of things that need to get executed and the last time I tried doing it. My wallet didn't want to let me execute anything for reasons that I cannot comprehend but that should happen sometime in the near future at which point reverse resolution should be set for ethereum cat herder though  the cat holders are in possession now of ECH  dot eth which is probably the most useful one for sending funds to the cat herders and also ethereum character studies. All three of those are by the multisig endpoint at the multisig now. ECH, oh other stuff that I might have been up to some mentoring stuff a little bit of mentoring through kernel haven't been very active in mentoring through ethernet dot that might change. I had some general onboarding like unofficial just like helping out some people with solidity that reached out to me. I do feel like there are probably a couple other things I was active in but they're slipping my mind right now in terms of general operations. So it looks like there either was or will be. I am quickly checking a march meeting for new people who are interested in joining or have joined the ethereum cat herders  just trying to figure out if that is when is this? Oh that is on thursday. So Thursday I think 1500 utc. If i'm reading this right, there should be office hours for anyone who's interested in joining details in the ethereum cat herders discord if you're interested um there's also a recording from the event from  women's day which is in the cat herders youtube if you are interested the same one that we mentioned before.

[EIP Insight](https://hackmd.io/@poojaranjan/EthereumImprovementProposalsInsight)

**William Schwab**: EIP insight

**Brent Allsop**: yeah that's talking about eipip improvement proposal stuff and they're changing the eip1 i was looking through that 

**William Schwab**: Oh sam wilson's changes. Maybe oh boy they're actually officially taking out external links my gosh get all your eips merged fast. Is like the ban of eips that one but okay new proposals in draft are 4895 4881 4844 and 4863. A few of those seem to do with the beacon chain um 4626 has moved to last call and should actually be final. Could just be that maybe no one made the PR for it. But the last call has passed for it. It should be fine 3226 for switching a wallet that has apparently scaled out into stagnant. If that is what wallets are using someone should probably take a look into that.

[PEEPanEIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F)

**William Schwab**: Upcoming people meetings can be found on the PEEPanEIP schedule. So we should have  peepeneipon 4444 found historical data with alex stokes. Later today account abstraction 4337 should be on a week from today march 22nd. 

[Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1axM1KaKc-GCcoPbAnYTOhgLnxXsBVoO5XRjTN3CLnck/edit#gid=0) and action items for ECH

**William Schwab**: Meeting notes for all court devs 133 and for the merge consensus meetings seem to be in a PR.Though it could be that they're open pr still not sure. I see eipip 51 and eip editors both on the list over here.

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah eip meeting 55 that was shawshank was supposed to do notes on that.It looks like we don't have those yet.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Sorry which meeting you said Brent 

**Brent Allsop**: The eip the last eipip meeting last week. I didn't make it to that one but it looks like

**Pooja Ranjan**: I think notes are available in the chat. So it should be up now. I saw the message few minutes ago only 

**Brent Allsop**: okay great

**Pooja Ranjan**: Sorry guys for just this mess. I wasn't sure that I could make it even though Tim Beiko was there. So I left some messages but I am glad William stepped up.

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah i'm doing great thanks.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Thank you very much

**William Schwab**: So we just to maybe recap the things that I wasn't too sure about. So I do see that the website is back so the website's back. Is there anything  that you wanted to share about the website:

**Pooja Ranjan**: Sorry yeah I just wanted to give a shout out to the community for the person who helped us make it back and the website is now completely run on github. We don't need any other party to host it. So that's a good thing and the updates that we are expecting on the website. I might need some volunteers over. There are people if it may create the pull request to update the merge page especially because there are so many people in the community who are looking for some updates on merge and our website page is not upto date. So thank you Gunny or the ECH discord user who helped us make this page up again and anyone from the community if you have any resources on merge would like to be added on ethereum categories page. Please make a pull request and that should be easy enough to get updated 

**William Schwab**:cool um did you get anything that you wanted to add about engineering or specifically learn2earn. Alita's mentioned that she hasn't been as involved so in terms of updates I mentioned that if there are any Ruby devs we could use we could use the help but if there's anything either with learn to earn or with the eip bot that you wanted to add.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah,thank you for sharing that update.We are definitely looking for someone who is an expert in Ruby to help out with the eip github repository.  Micah mentioned in the last eipip meeting that there are some support that is needed for bot and only a Ruby expert can do that if you are listening to the call and if you would be interested in contributing. Please reach out to me, Micah or anyone from the eipip meeting participation and on the eip part and eipv. I understand that there are a lot of issues that are open and that need attention.  We are really back on getting that updated so anyone from the engineering team present or from the community? If you would like to take a look at the issue and maybe help out with that would be really great. We can definitely work out on having a bounty on that if that's needed, but we want these issues to be addressed as soon as possible and thank you alita for joining the call and I hope that if you get time to look into these issues again that would be super helpful.

**William Schwab**: On that note it is Gitcoin season speaking of bounties. We should probably submit the gitcoin and if anybody is interested in contributing to our grant it's right there. Yeah i'm gonna be moving a bit backwards on the first item ethereum network 
upgrades so you had a little bit there about Kiln. I talked about Kiln for a  little bit. The EL Merge client released the name. I wasn't 100% sure what that was though. So if you're interested in maybe mentioning that like what that was about.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Okay I can give a quick update on that so uh ethereum cat herders organised this el merge client releasing name. Community call that was organised last friday many developers showed up so the basic idea was to select a client code name for the execution layer client. A few months ago I believe in december we organised a similar call for consensus layer and based on the consensus layer upgrade theme their upgrade name was chosen as Balatrix which is like a shining star name and in this el merge client naming.
we wanted to have something similar and on execution side people are preferring the city name, so I have added the list of documents that can provide more details into it but just summarising it’s Tim Beiko started a fellowship of ethereum magician post to start accepting participation for names. Based on the participation we shortlisted four of them and there was a general discussion on these four names. Many developers showed up in many communities. Participants showed up and based on the discussion in that meeting the winner was Paris. Paris is again a city name so it matches to the theme of execution layer client and now the execution layers packs are updated with paris.md. So now you can find the merge client merge specs in paris.md at execution specs on ethereum github

**William Schwab**: other than that we were getting close to the end. I  realised that I had not done the ECH article that you wanted me to release. One of these days I'll do it. I was having issues with my wallet which is why I hadn't confirmed the reverse resolution for the ens names. Once I am able to resolve those. I will handle that just to give a quick recap of that I do believe that.

# 4. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs
  
**William Schwab**:  Other than that we should be up to the fourth item in the agenda discussing closed cch github issues um would you mind taking over for me putra because this is something that i just don't know a lot about 

**Pooja Ranjan**: So github issues I still see a lot of open issues. I think I have started. Yes I have put most of the transactions on chain and we are waiting for one more signer. So maybe I can once I get the walletYeah

**William Schwab**: Once I  get over my wall of wood so I should be able to take out the load of this.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah and maybe if I don't know in the meantime if Brent if you would like to take a look that would also be helpful. Maybe we can if you can just add the confirmation I will be happy to execute you may not have to do that .

**Brent Schwab**: Okay, Yeah  could you send me a link to that and then I  can look at that yeah sure.I will message you okay cool thanks .

**Pooja Ranjan**: All right and with that i think most of  the issues should be closed here only two would be there two would be more that I can see. I will have to put that on the chain. I will do it right after this meeting and hopefully all of them will be covered this week. Looking into the issue  it looks like most of the items have been addressed. I think I might have to close issue 266, its old issue that is from ech engineering, in February. Wwe can simply close that bounty for documenting cl meeting 80. I think that should the uh the notes are available and I am sure the bounty has been claimed so we can probably close that. Oh I think the bounty is with this funding around and that's why I haven't closed it so that should be good i think we do not have any open issues that needs attention on a pm repository so that's covered and yeah we are pretty much on the end of the meeting

# 5. Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings

**Pooja Ranjan**: The last item listed here is a review of outstanding action items from the previous ech meeting. The 79.1 puja will share any KTH related new research at the meeting. So as per my last information KTH team is working with ethereum developers on a different research. Marius has asked them to look into geth versus Erigon instead of geth versus open ethereum. So probably they will be working more in that direction and we also have provided two links to them. Parithosh has shared the tools that are available to set up their test net environment over there. So we hope to get some more research work done which may help ethereum in future, so that the update on KTHside dev connect related updates will be provided at the upcoming ech meeting. I am not sure if this was covered before I joined this meeting but there are more updates on devconnect. So the og council has released this website where you can find all the information related to the events that that is organised by fellowship of ethereum magician fem also released a blog post in which
the events detailed with the participation of speakers are added there from cat herders. I worked with Anettt Rolikova in planning the event in terms of getting these speakers for
the workshop that they are planning to do there. The ticket for dev connect will be open I think by this friday and on the website there is a link to let you know if you are interested.  you can purchase the ticket from there. But I think this link is going to be activated by Friday
not before that so that's on tap connect 

79.3 reach out.  If interested in working with ech cat herder weekly comic team. Yeah I think we are giving it a weight like we are still working on the idea. I have to  look into a different  aspect of this because it seems that there is another publishing house which is publishing on a similar theme. So maybe we can shelve it out for some time. 

79.4 is reached out if interested in ech website hosting. Thanks to the ech community contributor now the website is back.

79.5 Pooja will confirm the el merge meeting releasing name so el merge client code is paris. 

79.6 reach out if interested in working on design for ECH  Learn2earn platform yes. We are still looking for designers to maybe help out for the learn2earn platform from the last meeting. There were significant progress and we also were joined by some of the other community contributors who are interested in helping out with designing of these days so so far people are looking into the front end of it but they still have to work on the back end we are also looking for people to help out with content creating of it the dry run was successful. We tried to explore this platform with one video of peep any and there were some questions prepared based on that and the dry run turned out to be quite successful and we are hoping to continue building based on that. 

Pooja to request client meetings to be added to permacast . Yes we did talk to the team and they seem to agree on adding the consensus layer client meeting to be added in the podcast form. So far we have only the all quarter meeting and ECH meeting available  from in form of podcast by permacast but hopefully from now on the consensus layer meeting will also be added there so people if do not want to watch the entire youtube may be able to follow the meetings through the podcast. 

Pooja to process funding requests. Yes, all of the requests are on chain and we hope to get it executed this week. William will publish an easy January newsletter on mirror um as he mentioned that he might be looking into it whenever his wallet issue is resolved. sorry it looks like I was reading for a very long time.  Well that all yeah that also kind of concludes the items listed on the agenda unless i'm missing on anything yeah william if you if you think i may have missed anything let me know 

**William Schwab**:Nope think that's everything

**Pooja Ranjan**: I just realised I see George on the call. George if I missed anything related to Learn2earn that you would like to add.

**George**: I know you pretty much covered it. In terms of development it's coming along pretty well. We kind of have a base layer already where if anyone wants to contribute they can. It's an open repo and it should be done in the next  week or two.We're definitely still looking for designers and if anyone wants to contribute on the development side as well. They're more than welcome to.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah please feel free to thank George on ECH discord and we also have a semi-public channel on this card. If you are interested in contributing to the project please reach out to us and we'll be happy to add you to that channel. So you are able to share all your questions there but in general there is this public github repository where george has listed all the issues. If you think that there is any issue of your interest or you would be happy to contribute please pick up an issue from there. Just respond that you are working on it and we will be talking to you and trying to make sure that you have everything that you need to work on that but all right thank you thank you guys for joining i'm sorry for all this confusion. I didn't expect that meeting to be going long but it's ethereum  and we never know when we are going to hit that but the good news is the ttd is reached. I think 200 was the limit and it reached a few minutes ago, so the Kiln test net successfully merged on the proof of the stake. so like on testnet not on the main net of course so it is an exciting moment for all the ethereum developers especially who are involved in testing the merge. So thank you everyone for making this a success and yeah with that any final question comment from this group for today's meeting? 
Okay I don't know if it was mentioned that we have a PeepanEIP meeting today right for eip4444.  So if you guys are around, feel free to join. It's a very interesting proposal that people are expecting to be helpful. Maybe after the merge but we'll have an overview of the proposal and questions from the co-author Alex Stokes. So join us for the penny for force well.I think that's  about it. Thank you everyone for joining.Thank you
william shaw for running it and like once again like I hope that this conflict does not happen again. 

**William Schwab**: The decentralised nature of the characters will overcome it even if it does.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah that's why we are a decentralised project management team.Glad that it worked out well for everyone. Thank you guys thank you so much i will post the recording in some time have a good one everyone.

-------------------------
## Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* William Schwab
* Shubhangi
* Alita 
*Brent Allsop
*George 
* Victor
* Anett
* Tim Beiko

## Next Call - March 29, 2022.





