# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 11 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tue, April 30, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 40 minutes
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/39)
### [Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/NHJ1Zoyhx3A)

1. Update on ProgPow Audit
1. Hard Fork Coordination Update
1. Moloch DAO & Aragon Review
1. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem
1. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure
1. Website Design
1. Discussion on Fund allocation
1. ECH Zoom Pro Account
1. Any Other Business
1. Review of outstanding action items from Meeting 10
1. Next Meeting

Moderator: Tim Beiko

## MEETING DECISIONS
- DECISION 11.1: Share Constantinople post-mortem action items with community to seek assistance with moving these forward and completing them. 
- DECISION 11.2: Create a funding threshold of $250 after which we will need to vote to see if the funding request is approved.
- DECISION 11.3: Having a Zoom Pro Account for the Ethereum Cat Herders was approved.

## MEETING ACTIONS

- ACTION 11.1: Cat Herders to review the [document](https://github.com/poojaranjan/PM/blob/master/Constantinople%20Postmortem%20Report/EmergencyCommTemplate.md) created by Pooja.
- ACTION 11.2: Open the Constantinople Post Mortem Action Items up to the community and let them know we are looking for assistance in completing them.
- ACTION 11.3: Setup a call with the Ethereum Development Portal stakeholders.
- ACTION 11.4: Update the website to remove redundant data for the last Ethereum Network upgrade and point to Istanbul link.
- ACTION 11.5: Create a website brainstorming document so that people can contribute to the ideas for the Ethereum Cat Herders website.
- ACTION 11.6: Procure a Zoom Pro Accoutn for the Etheruem Cat Herders.
- ACTION 11.7: Look into creating a generic email account for the Ethereum Cat Herders Zoom Pro account.

## 1. Update on ProgPow Audit

Hudson: Twitter statement advising that the audit has been funded. Just sorting out the logistics to get signatures from all parties. Hoping to start this week.

Brett: Has anything changed from the proposal.

Hudson: There was a part of the hardware piece taken out of the proposal (Number 4 of the original proposal). Length of time to create a ProgPoW ASIC has been removed due to the difficulty to estimate. The audit will primarily check the security of the Ethereum Network, attack surfaces and advantages and disadvantages as compared to ETHash. For a full list of areas of concern please see [link](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/progpow-audit/blob/master/Least%20Authority%20-%20ProgPow%20Algorithm%20Audit%20Proposal%20(v2).pdf/).

## 2. Hard Fork Coordination Update

Hudson: Boris and Danno from the all core devs meetings interms of addressing a schedule for the hardforks. There is a 17 May cut off for EIPs. Still will need some Cat Herder help with pushing this hardfork forward.

Tim: I work closely with Danno. He was at the Berlin Ethereum 1.x meeting. 6 monthly is the preferred option. 4 monthly is probably not as good an idea for now just due to the unforseen issues with previous forks causing delays in moving forward the next hardfork. That said we can practice the 6 month routine first and if we are comfortable we can look at 4 monthly forks. Please see [link](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/more-frequent-smaller-hardforks-vs-less-frequent-larger-ones/2929/28) to the proposed timeframes. 

## 3. Moloch DAO & Aragon Review

Brett: No further discussion in the Gitter Channel so no further update.

## 4. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem

Charles: Pooja is working on the emergency comms udpate. She has submitted a [document](https://github.com/poojaranjan/PM/blob/master/Constantinople%20Postmortem%20Report/EmergencyCommTemplate.md) and this being reviewed by Charles. Others can also review. We would also like to open the remaining action items up this to the wider ECH community.

Pooja: This has been mentioned in the Community News Letter that some help is required here. There are six outstanding action items.

Brett: I see not issues with opening it to the wider.

Hugo: Will the Contact list be opened to the community?

All: No

Tim: Can we make this private?

Charles: We will just not share this the public.

William: There is an action item on the list.

Hugo: Perhaps we should remove. 

Brett: Agreed.

** **
**DECISION 11.1:** Share Constantinople post-mortem action items with community to seek assistance with moving these forward and completing them. 


**ACTION 11.1:** Cat Herders to review the [document](https://github.com/orgs/ethereum-cat-herders/projects/1#card-17394481) created by Pooja.

**ACTION 11.2:** Open the Constantinople Post Mortem Action Items up to the community and let them know we are looking for assistance in completing them.
** **

## 5. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure

Charles: There is a Gitter Channel where we have been discussing this. This has slowed. So setting up a call to push this forward would be the next step.

** **
**ACTION 11.3:** Setup a call with the Ethereum Development Portal stakeholders.
** **

## 6. Website Design

Hugo: Helena and I are leading this one. We are still looking at setting up a call. We would really appreciate some input from the rest of the group. Does it make sense to shut it down until we can update it? What information would we like to see on the website.

Helena: Remove the outdated network upgrade. 

Brett: Agreed remove the information to the outdated network upgrade and insert a link to [Ethereum.wiki for Istanbul](https://en.ethereum.wiki/roadmap/istanbul).

Pooja: You can also look at adding this Ethereum Cat Herder's [link](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/blob/master/Hard%20Fork%20Planning%20and%20Coordination/IstanbulHFEIPs.md).

Charles: Would be useful to have a brainstorming document. 

Helena: I can start a document.

** **
**ACTION 11.4:** Update the website to remove redundant data for the last Ethereum Network upgrade and point to Istanbul link.

**ACTION 11.5:** Create a website brainstorming document so that people can contribute to the ideas for the Ethereum Cat Herders website.
** **

## 7. Discussion on Fund allocation

Brett: Out of the recent funding request for the Ethereum Cat Herder Zoom Pro account Lane and I thought there may be a need to have a funding threshold where by a nominator can propose something to be funded and a seconder can approve this request. A notional amount of $500 was proposed but this was for example purposes. 

Tim: Is there any other expenses we have for the Ethereum Cat Herders other than writing notes?

Brett: No only Ethereum Core Dev call note taking which is $50.

Tim: I am not in favour of a $500 threshold but perhaps 5 x $50 or $250 is a good threshold. 

William: Second this.

Brett: Agreed this would be a good amount. 

Tim: We can always raise this amount later if this becomes too low.

** **
**DECISION 11.2:** Create a funding threshold of $250 after which we will need to vote to see if the funding request is approved.
** **

## 8. ECH Zoom Pro Account

Brett: We only have one Zoom Pro account that we can currently use for Ethereum Cat Herders. It would be handy to have our own Zoom Pro account.

Tim: What does a Zoom Pro Account Offer?

Brett: It would allow us to make meetings outside  of the Ethereum Cat Herder fortnightly meetings.

Hudson: Unlimited meeting times instead of 45 minutes and allows for recording. 

Tim: Seems handy to have, anyone opposed this?

All: <No response.>

Hudson: Suggust that if we do get this account then we should go with the monthly plan. Not sure what the annual plan costs.

Brett: This is $149 is yearly.

Charles: Who would be incharge of this.

Brett: As Lane raised it I will speak with Lane to see what we can do to set this up and will share the password and account details once done.

** **
**DECISION 11.3:** Having a Zoom Pro Account for the Ethereum Cat Herders was approved.

**ACTION 11.6:** Procure a Zoom Pro Accoutn for the Etheruem Cat Herders.
** ** 

## 9. Any Other Business:

### 9.1 Ethereum 2.0 Meeting

Brett: There Ethereum Cat Herders are meeting with Danny Ryan from Ethereum 2.0 tomorrow to discuss where they are and if ther Ethereum Cat Herders can assist in any way.

### 9.2 General Email account.

Tim: Can we setup a generic email for the Ethereum Cat Herders perhaps via ethereum.org for the Zoom Pro Account?

Hudson: Probably better to user our website ethereumcatherders.com for an email. Google can do one for $5 but will need to have access to the website host. Charles can you look into it.

** **
**ACTION 11.7:** Look into creating a generic email account for the Ethereum Cat Herders Zoom Pro account.
** ** 

### 9.3 Governance

Tim: Have been chipping away at EIP1. I put through a [pull request](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/1932) to have a seperate process page to eips.ethereum.org but am not now not keen on creating a seperate page needs to be maintained I may instead decide to look into merging it somewhere else. I encourage everyone to have a look at this pull request.

## 10. Review Actions from Meeting 10

### Complete 
- ACTION 7.3: Hudson to provide feedback on Hard Fork Coordinator/s. 
- ACTION 7.5: Cat Herders to look the Handbook proposed by Luke Schoen and review/discuss - here.
- ACTION 10.1: Hardfork Coordinators call to be setup post Berlin meetup.
- ACTION 10.2: Invite all Cat Herders to participate in the Website call or to provide ideas via the gitter channel.

### Outstanding 
- ACTION 6.4: Joseph to post the updated communications checklist to the ECH internal gitter channel. 
- ACTION 9.1: Hudson to work with Charles on making a post about ProgPoW audit.
- ACTION 9.4: Multisig keyolders to work on seperating the funds.

## 11. Next Meeting: 14 May 2019 at 2pm UTC.

## ATTENDEES:

- Brett Robertson
- Charles St Louis
- Helena Flack
- Hugo Sanchez
- Pooja Ranjan
- Tim Beiko
- William Schwab
- Hudson Jameson
