# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 21 Notes


### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday, 29 October 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration:  58:17 min
### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/91)
### [Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uz9fJJ9t5BA&t=23s)
### Moderator: Tim Bieko    
### Notes: Sachin Mittal


# **Summary:**

## **DECISIONS MADE**

- **Decision 21.1:** There is no discrepancy found in gitcoin CLR matching, need final thumbs up from Lane. 
- **Decision 21.2:** Converting all kind of ECH funds into DAI.
- **Decision 21.3:** Prioritize paying the individual contributors out of the funds we received from the CLR matching. - ProgPow fund


## **ACTIONS REQUIRED** 

- **Action 21.1:** Reaching out to gorli team (Charles).
- **Action 21.2:** Draft a blog post for Istanbul fork update: Mainnet block for hard fork is going to chosen on 4th Dec.
- **Action 21.3:** Lane can do a final check on gitcoin discrepancy, so that we can close this [issue](https://github.com/gitcoinco/web/issues/4362).
- **Action 21.4:** Convert the existing altcoins, and 2.5k WETH to DAI for now. 
- **Action 21.5:** Have a consensus on amount of ETH we wanna keep in future. 
- **Action 21.6:** Hudson: Calculate the individual percentage of amount contributors have given. And instead of giving 100% back, we give a relative percentage back. 


# 1. Devcon Update

- Follow up from the ECH Meeting at Devcon V.

- **Kenneth:** The funds will be covered by EF community members. I think, ECH can become the first informational interface for people willing to join EF. 
- **Hudson:** Magicians wanna collab, especially for fund-raising. 
- **Pooja:** MarketDAO for Ethereum, looking for funding from EEA and EF. 

** ** 
# 2. Hard fork coordination update
- **Hudson:** EF has hired James Hancock for Hard Fork Coordination. He is working with the client teams and figuring out the block number for the next hard fork. 
- **Tim:** Mainnet block for hard fork is going to chosen on 4th Dec. We will have to draft blog post for that. 
- **Hudson:** Setting up a channel (Telegram/ Gitter) to update the DApp teams about the hard fork such as EIP 1884.
- **Tim:** This will also remove the problem, that no one sees EIPs before they are accepted. 
- **Pooja** We can use the EIP Gitter for the same. 

** **

- **ACTION 2.1**: Reaching out to gorli team (Charles). 
- **ACTION 2.2**: Draft a blog post for Istanbul fork update: Mainnet block for hard fork is going to chosen on 4th Dec. 
- **ACTION 2.3**: Setting up a channel (Telegram/ Gitter) to update the DApp teams about the hard fork, make it an exclusive group. For eg. just a group for project managers. 
 
** **

# 3. Funding/accounting/multisig

## 3.1 Update on Gitcoin discrepancy

- Brent shared the forensic analysis Brent, and Pooja has done for this [issue](https://github.com/gitcoinco/web/issues/4362) opened by lane. 

- Still incoming funds from Gitcoin, Aragon recently donated 600 DAI for note making.
** ** 
- **Action 3.1.1:** Lane can do a final check, so that we can close this issue. 
- **Action 3.1.2:** (Pooja) Please share the screenshot on the github issue for follow up.

** **

- **Decision 3.1.1:** There is no discrepancy found, need final thumbs up from Lane. 

** ** 

## 3.2 - Tim Beiko addition to the Multisig

- Tim: I have been voted to add to the multisig in Aragon

** ** 

## 3.3 Ethereum 2.0 Bounties
- No updates from Danny for a while now. And we are 4-5 bounties behind on gitcoin. And Pooja, and Brent are still to be paid.
 
- **Pooja:** We are managing ECH, Eth 1.0 meeting through funding repo, and spreadsheet. Can we do the same for Eth 2.0, to ease up the job for Danny.

## 3.4 Moloch DAO and other funding

- **Tim:** Charles and I have ragequit our shares in Moloch, except one so that ECH can still be the members of Moloch. There are 16 WETH in multisig from the grant for note taking, what should we do about it?
- **Lane:** How many of our assets are Volatile | Stable currency?
- **Tim:** We have DAI from gitcoin CLR matching, and other is in WETH. 
- **Lane:** Proposed Percentage: Volatile - 25%, Stable - 75%?? 
- **Kenneth:** Suggests Treasury Management, where we identify goals of ECH, and allocate our funds according to future spending areas. For eg. For note making, we will require this many funds. I am personally a fan of Downside protection, and being more risk averse. 
- Downside Protection - It is being speculated that Ether is not gonna go up, and we will see a downward movement. 
- **William:** If we are gonna pay the funds in DAI, we should convert everything into DAI?
- **Lane:** Since we don’t have the proper accounting, we should go default and liquidate everything into DAI quickly. 

** **
- **Action 3.4.1:** Convert the existing altcoins, and 2.5k WETH to DAI for now. 
- **Action 3.4.2:** Have a consensus on amount of ETH we wanna keep in future. 

** ** 

- **Decision 3.4.1:** Converting all kind of ECH funds into DAI.

** **

# 4 ProgPoW community update

- **Charles:** Tim and I were discussing about what to do with  the money retrieved from Moloch. Should we pay back our contributors on Gitcoin, and other platforms OR continue using these funds for future tasks?
- **Hudson:** We have three main contributors, ECH, EF, and bitfly. We can divide the CLR funds by 3, and ask EF, bitfly if they want ECH to transfer these funds to them OR want ECH should keep them.
- **Tim:** There are individual funders (funding ranging from 5-1000 DAI) from gitcoin CLR too. We should prioritize them before savory org like EF, bitfly.
Sending back the amount in DAI, equivalent to  the amount mentioned in tx detail on etherscan. 
- **Charles:** We don’t have enough funds because one contributor has paid 10,750 DAI, and we have only 13000 left. Therefore, we won’t be able to payback everyone else.
- **Hudson:** We can do simple math, and calculate the individual percentage of amount contributors have given. And instead of giving 100% back, we give a relative percentage back. 
- **Tim:** Lets reach out to the funder, and discuss about the amount they are willing to have as refund?

** **

- **Action 4.1:** Hudson: Calculate the individual percentage of amount contributors have given. And instead of giving 100% back, we give a relative percentage back.
- **Action 4.2:** Reaching out to Atlantic crypto, and discuss about the proportion of refund (Hudson <> Tim)

** ** 

- **Decision 4.1:** Prioritize paying the individual contributors out of the funds we received from the CLR matching.

** **

# 5. Other Business:

- **Pooja:** What is update on Nasus Wallet?
- **Brett:** Me and Lane, were working on it together. Faced some issues first, but in the end we were able to gain reputation from the auction they were having. But we were unable to withdraw any funds from ECH at the end.  Right now, we just have reputation which gives us voting ability.



## Attendees

- Tim Beiko
- Pooja Ranjan
- Brett Robertson
- Kenneth
- Hudson
- Charles
- Lane Rettig
- Brent Allsop
- William
- Sachin Mittal
- Jim
- Helena
