# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 20 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tue, September 26, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 62 minutes
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/89)
### [Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/d1vun6LleVU)

### Moderator: Time Beiko
### Scribe: Brett Robertson

## MEETING DECISIONS

- **DECISION 20.1**: Approve Funding of the Ethereum 2.0 Meeting # 19 notes.
- **DECISION 20.2**: If Tim is voted in then there should be 3 out of 4 votes for multisig consensus.

## MEETING ACTIONS
- **ACTION 20.1**: Aragon Vote to get Tim added to Multisig. 
- **ACTION 20.2**: Charles to look at Moloch fund extraction process. 
- **ACTION 20.3**: Charles and Tim to map the process to extract funds for the community.

##

## 1. Hard Fork Coordination Update

- Ran through the Istanbul Testnet community update.

2.1 Gitcoin discrepancy

- **Brent:** Kevin Owocki is looking into it and is trying to find out why there is a discrepancy.
- **Tim:** Due to our grant from Moloch we need to make sure that Note taking funds are earmarked.
- **Brent:** Perhaps we should have a seperate Multisig?
- **Tim:** Perhaps down the line but for now the funds will be going to our current address.
- **Pooja**: Better accounting is required.
- **Charles**: Yes it is now.

2.2 Cat Herders Note Funding for Eth 2.0 Meeting # 19

- Discussion around if the Ethereum Cat Herders should pay Pooja for the the notes she took for the Ethereum 2.0 Meeting # 19. 

** **
- **DECISION 20.1**: Approve Funding of the Ethereum 2.0 Meeting # 19 notes.
** ** 

## 2.3 Moloch DAO

- **Tim**: The MolochDAO have voted and have kindly awarded us our grant for Ethereum Note Taking. However when Moloch gives you a grant it is in the form of shares. Each of these shares is equal to one ETH. We need to work out the mechanism to convert these shares to ETH and then ETH to DAI. We have been advised that to be part of MolochDAO we need to keep at least one share. 

- Tim is not a member of the ECH Multisig but to pursue the collection of funds from MolochDAO it would be beneficial.

** ** 

- **ACTION 20.1**: Aragon Vote to get Tim added to Multisig. 
- **ACTION 20.2**: Charles to look at Moloch fund extraction process. 
- **ACTION 20.3**: Charles and Tim to map the process to extract funds for the community.
- **ACTION 20.4**: Brett to  Core Devs channel to find out if there is anything that needs to be done before the TestNet upgrades.

** ** 

- Discussion was had over how many votes were needed to make consesus in the multisig. 

** **
- **DECISION 20.2**: If Tim is voted in then there should be 3 out of 4 votes for multisig consensus.
** ** 

## 2.4. Ethereum Cat Herder DAO

- Brett suggested no further update for now and continue to use the ECH DAO for voting.

## 3. ProgPoW 

- **William**: There has been a commentary resurgence on the back of the audits. Question is should the ECH do more to coordinate response? General consensus is that as there are no actions being taken now then there no further duties. Reevaluate our place in this space if ProgPoW should be ready to be pushed through.
- **Brent**: Build consensus - Canonizer is there to help build consensus.
- **William**: As ECH we don’t need to do anything ourselves at the moment.
- **Brent**: Agreed.
- **Hugo**: Debate is definitely healthier that before.
- **William**: Let’s run it out.

## 4. Devcon

- **Tim**: Magicians will have a room for first day of Devcon. 
- Here is the proposed [Schedule](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jy3l0bnKXC6AZdyFVBne4go9oe58bTZmMdUGb4Dj8bs/edit#)
- EEA session with intro.
- Eth 1 roadmap
- Eth 2 roadmap
- Eth 1 to 2 transition.
- No formal ring for ECH.
- Will be worth participating to allow groups to seek assistance from the Cat Herders.

- **William**: Having the ECH in the rings that would be a very good idea.
- **Tim**: I will be there
- **Brent**: I will also be there.

## 5. Other Business

### 5.1 Note takers

Brett: We are adding new members and welcome Sachin Mittal.

### 5.2 Testnet Coordination

- **Brett**: As we prepare for the testnets it may be worth starting to contacting the people to get ready for the testnets.
- Do we know if anyone is coordinating the testnet upgrades.

- **Tim**: No one that I am aware of.
- **Brett**: Have the Testnet miners been made aware of the upgrades?
- **William**: Is it worth us maintaining a testnet miners list?
- **Tim**: Probably worth reaching out to Core Dev regarding the testnets.

** **
- **ACTION 20.4**: Brett to ping Core Devs to find out if there is anything that needs to be done before the TestNet upgrades.
** **

## 6. Review Action Items

- 19.1 Remove Post-Mortem agenda item - Done
- 19.2 Brent to engage with Kevin Owocki - Done
- 19.3 Brent to engage Hudson for bottleneck for regarding note taking - Outstanding
- 19.4 Brent to work on Canonizer topic for ProgPoW - Done

** **
**ACTION 20.5**: Brett to engage with Danny and Gitcoin to manage funding and payments for ETH 2.0 note taking.
** **

Meeting: 15 October 2019


### Present 
- Brett Robertson
- Brent Allsop
- Tim Beiko
- Charles St. Louis
- Hugo Sanchez
- Jim Bennett
- Pooja Ranjan
- William Schwab
