# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 59 Notes

### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday, May 26, 2021 15:00 UTC

### Meeting Duration:  45 min.

### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/177)

### [Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/rURgAqMIHV8)

### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan

### Notes: Edson Ayllon

---

# **Summary:**

## Actions and Decisions

Action Item | Description
-|-
**59.1** | Choose a .crypto domain name for the ECH
**59.2** | Shane Lightowler promoted to member
**59.3** | Find a Moloch member to propose our funding request
**59.4** | Continue with ESP
**59.5** | Pooja to organize block gas limit discussion meeting
**59.6** | Brent to ask for legal advice regarding the Nethermind invoice


---


# 1. ECH website

Jared Doro joined the call to introduced himself to the group.

Santhosh also introduced himself. 

The website is now live. We would like to get more feedback on it.

## ENS and .crypto domain

One benefit of having it is so it's not taken by someone else to steal identity with, for .crypto.

We should have ENS. 

Unstoppable domains is giving it to us as a gift, they are not asking for a charge.


# 2. Promoting from "Contributor" to "Member" - Shane Lightowler

This was discussed last meeting. He has been helping with notes and Peep an EIP. 

Shane was promoted to ECH member.



# 3. Survey & reports

We have been contacted by Nethermind team. We are making a survey for blockchain users and developers study. This is to promote Ethereum clients.

We generally recieved good feedback from the team on the survey.

The intial requirement was to have a contact so they can invoice the ECH team. 

ECH is not a registered organization. So what should we add for the contact? We need an email address, phone number, address.

Anyone willing to look more into it? Brent has an attorney he can talk to for an hour.

We will send the first invoice without an address.

Anyone interested in helping with outreach and the survey?

# 4. Peep an EIP

We had a video on NFT standard.

In the upcoming weeks, planned:
- Altair: Accounting reform with Alex Stokes, 26th of May
- Altair: Features special with Vitalik Buterin & Danny Ryan, 2nd of June



# 5. ECH funding & new initiatives

## Moloch 

Have been in touch with Moloch. Preapplication deadline is May 30th, and final application is due June 6th. Pooja has finished both applications.

Moloch is looking for a proposer who can set it up for voting. Any member is needed. ECH is looking to acquire a share in Moloch. 

The Moloch member to make the proposal needs 10 shares minimum.

The voting starts June 17-23rd. If we get funded, it should be expected the first week of August.


## ESP

Looking to hear back from ESP by end of this week. Seeing for any questions to request for this grant. 

# 6. Events & community call

We just had the Coindesk Consensus presentation. 

For block gas limit discussion, was brought up in the last meeting. The general feedback was that it was something that should be considered. Hudson had no problem with it.

Pooja will organize a meeting.


# 7. Revisit ECH social media permission

Looking to engage more social media presence. William has been added as a contributor to ECH Twitter.

We are willing to add more people willing to increase social media engagement.

Stabby joined to talk about his DAO project.

# 8. Meeting notes

No updates. Pooja updated new contributors on the process and where to get resources.

# 9. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs

No new issues opened.

Brent asked if there was any talks about making ECH a nonprofit. We are not a nonprofit.

Brent also asked what other countries are represented in the ECH.

Brent also asked what the ECH budget is. Pooja will follow up with him after the call.

# 10.  Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings

- The present website now has a survey. The new one needs to be added. Hopefully the latest survey will be added.
- William still needs to find funding sources.


---

# Annex

## Attendees

- Brent Allsop
- Hudson Jameson
- Pooja Ranjan
- Shane Lightowler
- William Schwab
- Jared Doro
- Santhosh J
- StabbyMcStabStab

## Next Meeting Date

June 08, 2021, 15:00 UTC.
