# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 62  Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday  6 July 2021 at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 1 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/212)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nea7IADMSaE)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Avishek Kumar

----

## DECISIONS & ACTION ITEMS

**DECISION/ACTION ITEM 62.1**: Going forward, different  ECH working groups will share reports in every meeting.

------------

**Pooja Ranjan**: welcome to ethereum cat Herder meeting 62. I am Pooja Ranjan and I am going to  share the agenda in chat right now for people to refer to.

# 1. [ECH website](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/155)

 **Pooja Ranjan**: we are going to skip the first item that was ECH website update because unfortunately I do not see Michael on the call, so going on to the second item.

# 2. ECH Discord moderating & engagement

**Pooja Ranjan**: The second item listed here is ECH Discard moderating and engagement. In the last meeting we discussed some of the issues that were on the present ethereum cat herderâ€™s discord like  there were spams bot joining the server and we were discussing ideas how to handle the situation.

## Moderating with bots

 **Pooja Ranjan**: There are some suggestions on adding bots. It was a good discussion. On the basis of last meeting discussion, I have added a couple of bots for moderation and the improvement of the welcome screen. So at present the Ethereum Cat herder is having a MEE6  bot and there is a server capture bot. So for MEE6, we have already enabled a welcome screen that provides basic information about the ethereum. This discord says that okay fine, if you are not familiar with this ECH group, this is what we do and you can like to follow us or they work on the twitter medium github email and website and all the links are provided on the welcome screen itself. I am hoping that is going to be helpful for anyone new joining on Discord. Other than that um we have worked on. Some of the features of discord itself include removing at all and things for permissions, things for them for new people and supposedly bots and spammers. There is one thing that I wanted to make a special mention of is a new channel hashtag verification. so we have added this for you to know, to avoid what's being added to the server, what it does. It will not allow anyone to access the ethereum cathode or discord unless the smiley is enabled and once you click this smiley you'll be able to check all the channels available. At the moment this is not activated because there are over 1000 users on our discord and we wanted to
discuss it before actually enabling it. Because  once it is enabled, permission for everyone will be gone. Only people who have clicked the button, will be able to access the server. So I would love some feedback and thoughts here. What do people generally think? Is it a good idea to enable this and how soon can we do that if we think it is.

**Santhosh J**: I would say maybe we can give that channel two follow-ups announcement. Basically this week and next week maybe sometime on Monday or Tuesday. We can enable it, so that people know they have to get it very fast and we are adding this encryption to get rid of parts Right? Something which I can think of but also I am not sure if there's a way in a
discord where it doesn't ask for a verification for the existing members but it does ask for a
new members if that option is available that would be great. If not we have to go with option one.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Right, so like with me there is this, Dark is cool so he's helping me out with  doing all this stuff and we did some kind of research and we found that this hashtag verification will work good for new users but for existing users unless everyone goes ahead and clicks the button. It will not enable them and there is no way we can act and add all these people to the verification. We did try something but  that does not seem to work out. The nice thing was that anyone who is joining new may be added by default but that is again will be violating the main purpose of it that will by default give a verified one. So it's not working out there any other suggestions and thoughts on that.

**Brent Allsop**: So who will be able to authorize and not authorize people? We will  have a list of administrators or something like that

**Pooja Ranjan**:  It will be the MEE6 bot itself, once someone clicks it. if there is a new user. He will see the welcome screen and the only channel available for them would be this verification channel.  Once the smiley button is clicked on the verification channel, he would be able to see all the channels available on ECH discord and it's all moderated by MEE6 bot and sorry if that is by server capture bot I guess. 

**Brent Allsop**: So will all of us have to do that when it's activated then.

**Pooja Ranjan**:  Yes that is the case here. So all existing users have to go and add. I mean click that button if we want to enable this feature. And I believe that is like one of the
good features that can be done because that will help us avoid bot getting access to our server.

**Brent Allsop**: So by clicking the button is that something that is there now or I am looking for a button but not seeing it or will that be.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah that is available now. Okay fine Yeah this was one thing that was pointed out to me. So in the community section there is this channel called verification and I might have to pin this message maybe so if you look into the message it says that react to this message to get verified and have access to the rest of the server okay.

**Brent Allsop**:  Yeah I just saw that pinned post you just added

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah, so that is one way we are thinking, we are considering to help us avoid the bot getting on our server. If there is any other way people can think of I am happy to  add it and consider that. If we think that this is the only way out, I believe one week or two may be a shorter time period to provide access to people. Maybe we can give a monthly wait to  join it. Is there any other thought by anyone else? By the way Nethermind also shared some information as Antonio was on the last call. He wanted me to let William Schwab and william x also know about the vic bot that they have enabled on their server and they are willing to provide any kind of development support that is needed for that and thanks to the Nethermind team for offering their help.

**William Schwab**: Okay william x seems to kind of be on top of this. So I can try. Do you know if he's already in touch with Antonio or not ?

**Pooja Ranjan**: Oh no sorry, I received the message a day before yesterday and I was not available yesterday.

**William Schwab**:  Has he been in touch with Antonio over the last couple weeks. If not yet, maybe what I will try and do on making a note for myself now, so I will try and get two of them in touch.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Right so I mean I do have a list of whatever features we have enabled so far and what is not. If you think adding a big bot will be helpful uh because I was also doing some research on big bot earlier. It is there on my other server, so we were doing some research and we found it helpful. But if you think you need any information to further continue working on it feel free to let me know and william x yeah. All right I believe there is.

## New channels - Verification, open task, hackathon, discontinued product help

**Pooja Ranjan**: So the next sub item to be discussed on this is a new channel, so we have recently added a few  new channels, one I just mentioned about the verification. There is another one called open task that can be found on ethereum cat herders pm issue section. So what we're doing there is like whatever task that comes up where we can engage the community. We are listing it there some of the tasks are bounty based and some are just volunteer-based. So if people are interested in contributing I would highly recommend to
go check out that channel on Ethereum Cat Herder as discord and the information that is being shared. So if someone who is interested to work on any particular task respond to that issue and if it is bounty based will further guide you how to claim that bounty after you are done with the task and if it is voluntary based we really appreciate your help and yeah we can look into further opportunities like that.

**Pooja Ranjan**: There is another new channel called Hackathon where we are trying to add information for new developers or students who are willing to participate in different
hackathons that are going around the Ethereum ecosystem and an additional channel is 
discontinued product health for some of the clients. I believe in open ethereum and like a parity wallet stuff like people do not know where to go. We have someone helping out with an ethereum cat herder and he is willing to support the community by offering his help. So if you have any questions or if you want to learn about these things or need any help please leave a message in the discontinued product help channel. All right that all on the number two doesn't even have any question comment or anything on this topic?

# 3. ECH updates

## [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1axM1KaKc-GCcoPbAnYTOhgLnxXsBVoO5XRjTN3CLnck/edit#gid=0) and action items for ECH

**Pooja Ranjan**: Okay the number three is ECH  updates, so earlier like we used to collect
updates from the meeting notes. We are engaged in multiple community meetings and the resources from them have gathered us. They document all these meeting notes generally. I would appreciate everyone who documents no show up in this meeting, the ethereum cat Herder's bi-weekly meeting. Share the highlights of every meeting and if there is any action
item that you think the community can help or any of the cat herder members can help to share it with us in this meeting. I see that we have five meetings listed on the agenda and out of those five, sorry it's not five it's four out of those four, we have three notes already available and a pull request has been created for one meeting note. I believe we have opened an issue and someone responded, so we may be expecting it in another couple of days to have a pull request for that meeting. Anyone wants to go ahead and share any summary from the meeting notes that they have documented on you. I am not sure if we have those people joining in today to share the update. And further on that right from the
in the month of June, we have a few more people like they are trying to help out with some of the other tasks and the foundation data and foundation subgroups esp. They are funding for some of the tasks that are being taken by. You know cat  Herder is contributors and members, so it would be good to hear on like you know get a bi-weekly update from all these teams to see where we are and what we are planning to do, so that way all of the new people or who are assigned for any particular task they can ask questions if they have and they can share update if any.

## ECH engineering

**Pooja Ranjan**:  I may start that with the ECH engineering team. Alita I am not sure if you have anything ready to be shared today. If it's not it's fine we can always have an update on the comment section but if you do please be free.

**Alita Moore**: No, I don't have any major updates. Do you mind repeating what the video is again?

**Pooja Ranjan**: No, so this is ech update, so from this month we are trying to collect updates from different working groups/sub working groups of ethereum cat herders. We have a group working for engineering people working as a cat blazer, ops,  eip erc editing basically all the tasks that are supposed to be funded from the month of June.

**Alita Moore**: So yeah  basically the engineering work has primarily been focused on the ECH bot. There is a lot of work to be done with ech bot. There's some features being requested and then kind of a big thing about the funding that is going to be focused in July is going to be like building up the tests and making the infrastructure more scalable but the goal being that you know eventually somebody else will be able to take over or we can have more people jump on the bot. If it becomes necessary to then expand it more. You know readily but that's a big focus for July is going to be like getting tests out and then adding a  few features. If I can get that and then for the other working group which is I guess I don't know if the json rpc is considered.

**Pooja Ranjan**: I think for json rpc we can continue having updates in the eipip meeting because we have set up people who are actually looking into that work right so that would be there. 

**Alita Moore**: Sounds good but yeah the engineering is going well, its primary focus is the bot.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah  very well, so if you have any question, any concern related to any of the tasks on the engineering side or if you need support or anything. I just want to make sure that this meets the ethereum . This meeting should be a platform for all the cat herder resources to really ask questions and we can try to find a solution together so thank you so very much for the update.

## Cat blazers

**Pooja Ranjan**:  Next one is Cat Blazer, William if you would like to go ahead and share
something.

**Willam Schwab**: What would you be interested in?

**Pooja Ranjan**: So anything that you have been working on lately. I wonder you mentioning about some frequent
newsletters not newsletter maybe somebody think if it's about that or any of the tasks
that you may want to consider. 

**William Schwab**: Okay yeah, I posted a draft in the channel last week. Summarizing things that I did over the month of June. If anyone's interested in leaving any comments I would like to kind of keep a monthly tally of what I have been doing, what I have  been planning on doing. It gives a little transparency just behind what I am doing. It also probably helps to find the role that if you are unclear about what it is even that I am doing. So I would say feel free to take a look. There I can try and repost the link also. I would like to publish it sooner rather than later. So once I clear a few hurdles over there that is probably what I will be doing  over the last month. I think the situation I found myself in the most was kind of an onboarding position. I had something like six or seven different calls with people looking to
break into space.Just speaking with them about the best ways to get involved how to kind of up skill in the space and get involved there were a few other things I was involved with. I kind of got through the list but that is  good is there anything you'd want me to zero in on a picture.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Oh no I think that is awesome, that's really good because whatever you're doing.It's helpful for people to know so these meetings may provide you opportunity to share what you have been interacting with. I mean whom you have been interacting to and maybe
people are having similar interests get in touch with you so nice thank you very much

## ECH Ops

**Pooja Ranjan**: Santhosh, anything you would like to share some thoughts on the ops part that you have been doing or you plan to do this month.

**Santhosh J**: A couple of things I was attempting to learn and do the first thing is engaging with more more of ethereum commercial members from my twitter underland I was able to reach a good amount of people and basically trying to build a community so that it will help me with the future any sort of research discussion which we want to do or any sort of video post or any open question we want to ask for the developers. so I am busy, I am building a foundation here which is time consuming but it's a one-time effort. Once I do that then I will have a very solid surface to get research and discussion going from my hand. The other thing was basically doing end-to-end testing on our new ech website. I am very excited to get the KT done, so that we can keep the website updated and maintain it. That's one of my goals for this July as well to ensure that the website is always up to date and I want to see if there is any way i can help with the discord right. I wanted to work on a playbook. I believe
you have already added like what does our discord channel do but I want to be happy to review it and see if I can add additional value to it and continue any additional suggestion or
improvements which we can do to our entire server.So these are the three things in my mind
and basically building the relationship with the community will be top of my mind to do for the month of July and which I have been doing.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Thank you so much. Santhosh just a quick question on the  playbook that you just mentioned: do we have any link that we can refer to ?

**Santhosh J**: Not at the moment but I will shortly share it with you.

**Pooja Ranjan**: No worries. Thank you so much for the updates. 

## EIP/ERC editing

**Pooja Ranjan**: On the eip and erc editing side up. I understand not too much work is being done but we are slowly making progress. We have a call arranged I should suppose this week for kind of you know hands-on experience for new  eip erc editors who are in training  with Matt Grant and we also have a handbook for new people. We are trying to record and document as many educational resources that we can create and provide to new people joining them. Other than that any further update from Trent and william. They are
helping us in this eip and erc editing. 

**willaim Schwab**: No, yeah Matt is helping.

**pooja Ranjan**: Nice I am hoping that after this first meeting we will have
more momentum that would be helpful for speeding up the process of reviewing the eip and erc that are added to the github of eips.

## ECH new initiatives

**Pooja Ranjan**:  On the new initiative side, so for stateless meetings a couple of things. We have one like we have recently added a playlist for all stateless meeting especially which was focused on a topic for I believe it is there for past four five meetings though that is with good presentation from Dan,  Vitalik, Piper, Maryam and people who have been actively
working on a stateless side. There is something new coming up this week. I believe that is
There is this first meeting, let me see. The first meeting is about the address space extension and I am hoping to  work with this group in a sense like whatever support the catalyst can provide in terms of video release and sharing it with the community. If there
is any need of notes that people would like to learn and follow. What's going on the research side, so I am  continuously in touch with these people and I will share more updates as we know more about it and  the other thing that my current focus is having a partnership with different communities in ethereum space. So santhosh did mention about the india team. There is the staff folio group so we had this meeting last week and they have a hackathon going on at Odyssey and the ethereum cat herders. We are officially the community partner.
We are promoting it and we are encouraging more and more developers to participate and share the information with the devolute. They have this hackathon done throughout the year for different time frames and different topics. So  we hope to continue supporting that. Anyone else if they have any update related to what they have been doing or what they plan to do feel free to. 

**Brent Allsop**: Has anyone heard of any information about devcon the next dev con that's supposed to be in. Don't they usually have tickets out for sale for devcon by this time of the year. Is anyone aware of what's going on? Is it defcon 6 

**William Schwab**: This time delayed until further notes

**Brent Allsop**: Also so we may not be at devcon this year.

**William Schwab**: I would say that's a possibility  if there's a new one here who has
more information than i do i can't say that's not from inside information that's just from public announcements.

**Brent Allsop**: Yeah, I have been following all the channels trying to get news but I haven't heard anything.

**pooja Ranjan**: I am not very sure but I thought I saw something going on with Eth staker and they have organized some game.  I am not sure where I saw,  foundation blog or what. maybe I Will look into it and if there is any relevant info, I will share the link with you.

**william Schwab**: maybe one thing I will say is if there's any initiative that you
think that cat herders should be involved in or should launch feel free to reach out to me
I am always looking for new ideas and things that the categories could be doing or could be helping with.

**Trenton Van Epps**: I just remembered I think  I tagged the cat herders account Pooja so maybe you've seen it or maybe you haven't but 

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah today morning.

**Trenton Van Epps**: Yeah  it was just today but for anybody who hasn't seen it. It's called I think it's called plug and play and it's somebody who is working on projects in the community. They want to test compatibility between different wallets. I think it was their request and this seems like something that cat herders might be perfect to organize. I think they're trying to look at compatibility between different wallet types. Maybe if you have the tweet pulled up where I tagged you you can read it or I can grab it.

**William Schwab**: That sounds really interesting looking into something like this. I know he really really wanted it for bitcoin once upon a time. If it's the kind of thing that I think right 

**Trenton Van Epps**: Okay so it's. Yeah it is I think she's trying to look at compatibility between how wallets use web3 apis or libraries because different ones. Do different things
that tweet has most of the information oh it's called a plug fest which yeah it definitely seems like something that might be worthwhile for cat editors to get involved in.

**William Schwab**: cool
thank you 

**Pooja Ranjan**: Trenton sure. All right anyone has anything more on
this to share?

# 4. [Peep an EIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F)

**Pooja Ranjan**: Okay the next item is a peep an EIP,, so in the past two weeks we 
recorded two episodes, one was on Altair client implementation on Teku. It's about Teku and  how Altair is  implemented in the client as well as on the latest information of the testnet. The client test net and the multi-client testnet and the kind of timeline they the consensus team is
considering. So it's a good watch for people who want to stay updated on the upcoming upgrade on Altair other than that there was this episode recorded with James Hancock on difficulty bomb and eip 35548 is expected with the London upgrade that is gonna push the difficulty bomb till december 2021. There is this very interesting demo done by James Hancock explaining what is difficulty one why it is needed and how the period is calculated so people are interested to know more about it. You know how does it work? I think this is a worth watching episode  in the next two weeks. We have planned a couple of meetings and one is with Benjamin Edgington that is um for the brief history of ethereum's future. It's basically for the beacon chain that was launched in December 2020. So we expect to have some conversation around how we reach this stage where we are at today and what to do.  We want to see in future with this beacon chain and how can we plan merge and other stuff
for more updates on p pen e but there is project code available on ethereum cat Herders github pm repo.Please follow it for  your favorite uh to where you would want to join or maybe share questions.

# 5. ECH Blogs & survey

 **Pooja Ranjan**: Moving on we have this survey open for ethereum users and developers research. We have extended it for couple of weeks, it is open till 15th of july now and so far we have received good response over 80 responses have been documented the best part
of it. We are receiving it from different organizations and communities right from people from developers, from ethereum foundation consensus and students from different colleges. I have seen a couple of colleges from India, and  some different parts of the world, different organization as well  as projects. project and  infrastructure providers responding to the survey. So I would encourage everyone who is listening to this call to take out time. It's not long. 
Most of the questions are optional. It's very good feedback for us to be shared with all the ethereum clients, ethereum consensus layer as well as the execution layer. We'll be  happy to share the report very soon in the month of July. On part of a blog so I am curious to hear what other people think. We hear that William had drafted a blog which we would like to
publish sooner rather than later. So is it something that should be done . I don't know William, what is there in your mind? Would you want to do it once a month or twice a month or how frequent do you think it would be helpful?

**William Schwab**:  What I was looking to do is monthly but I would put this more kind of in the report category than the blog category.Right I would differentiate between blogs which are. I would say either informational or otherwise perhaps entertaining pieces of information
about things that might not even be related to characters ops. Something that's actually
reporting activities of the Cat herder purchase itself. I am very open to people vlogging from
the cat herders. I just would say that I see that as different things are you saying you would like to make sure that it doesn't turn into a blog.

**Pooja Ranjan**: My question here is just that I am trying to understand here is the  category that we would want to put as you mentioned it sounds more like a report and it's
fine.I am just wondering should it go on the ethereum categories, what categories are doing as a general or should it be a part of maybe quarterly report or how can we do that? Just for
everyone's information that I am also working on publishing a summary for the past six months and maybe for what we are expecting to do in another six months.  what would be the cons?

**WilliamSchwab**: what would be the concern about  publishing it monthly. okay like is there a concern about publishing it monthly.

**Pooja Ranjan**: No I do not. I just want to understand because there are different groups so should it be published separately or should it be a part of that report that was my question.

**William Schwab**: Oh you want to know if you get rolled into like the quarterly or to the half
year. I feel the monthly is also good but I am open to other opinions about that. I would say that my instinct when I was kind of forming the position. Also I seem to remember that was the advice that I got to have consistent kinds of reports about just what's been going on.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Right that is always helpful 

**William Schwab**: I mean more than a quarter vertically sensitive and frequent.

**Pooja Ranjan**:  Yeah and that is more than helpful, yeah. We definitely would want to have something documented. I know it's super easy for elite just link to any of the issues
for ECH engineering work but it's difficult when it comes to when you are interacting with community because we do not have them to do that yeah

**William Schwab**: Okay cool and if there's any concerns or anything like that  I am definitely very open. Either you can talk about it here or leave comments in the discord

**Pooja Ranjan**: Anyone has any comment or thought. All right I will get in touch with you
maybe on discord and we'll see  how to publish it soon

# 6. ECH funding 

**Pooja Ranjan**: The next item is ech funding. So it was discussed in the last meeting. I believe that we are looking for some new multi-sig signers. So we mentioned it in the multisig channel, Brent and William they have shown interest and it is proposed by the multisig channel that maybe we can replace two of the existing sinuses and have both Brent and William join in. It would be a to-do for me. To add them I am happy to do that. I just wanted to bring it to the group if anyone has anything to add like any common concern. If not, I can get it done today. 

**Brent Allsop**: sounds good
 
**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah I have left it open, I think for a week now. We can have both Brent and William added to the multisig channel. on part of funding, gitcoin esp and Moloch,  a  big shout out to william schwab for tweeting continuously about gitcoin funding and I would like William to speak for it. 
he has put a lot of work in

**William Schwab**: Okay  we decided to try and and work with the kid grant more this
round. We tidied up just the description there. We made sure that things were ready to
go as the duration  was starting  and also  tweeted out. I really think only a few times at the end of the day just to kind of increase awareness about the grant which definitely did show that. It's something that we can increase the exposure of this round was significantly better
than the last round. The last round was pretty much non-existent for us and I definitely do see that continually moving forward as a viable option for raising some funding. On the side I do believe that it is good at this point for the cat herders to have some funds on the side for various different things that we might be able to engage in buying hackathon sponsorships. Is something that's come up before? or just in the event that another vector for note-taking pops up or different opportunities present themselves. It's nice to have something that's already there as opposed to having to seek out funding each time. There's something new that we would like to be able to add into the repertoire and I am hoping that we can use getpoint for this and maybe for anything else that people think might be a good use for those
funds. There were over 500 contributors this time and if you know the getpoint system to a large degree the amount of contributors that you have is more important than the amount that they are giving even which I would say is good for kind of a first effort and trying to actually really use the platform and to increase awareness of the grant. So I am pretty happy with how that went and I am looking forward to trying to  work with that in the future also if anyone has any suggestions for ways we could use better things that we could have done better. I am very open to hearing any feedback.

**Pooja Ranjan**: And of course thanks to over 500 contributors that also included some very reputed people from the community who have encouraged us and kind of showed their appreciation by their  support that the Ethereum Cat herders are trying to help the community out. Thank you everyone for all your contributions. On part of esp, I received a notification from the team. They sent us the transaction like a test transaction yesterday and we have confirmed it. So we will be expecting the first tranche of the overall approved portrait. Maybe this week and unfortunately Hudson is unavailable for another four to six
weeks. I believe so the thing is this one will be provided into ether to us and then,we may have to convert it in like the ratio that we do earlier like one three one third for ether one third
for die or one third for usdc or whatever. If people think that it has to be done differently. This way that would be something we might want to consider and discuss how we want to handle it. Like someone has to do that if we do not want to keep the entire fund and Eat and on Moloch's side I am aware that they would be voting on chains this week. I think it already started but I am not sure if it is there for easy yet and yes that is. Do we have any specific thoughts this time on how we are gonna convert it or how do we want to keep it?  well we are expecting the funds to be transferred on cathode is multisig this week. We can always like to take some time and think more about it.

**William Schwab**: 	Yeah what were the options I am not sure. I am understanding what the options are if you don't like it.

**Pooja Ranjan**: So  here is the thing like now for this esp fund transfer, Hudson was taking a lead there and he was helping out with everything like he did the  kyc interacted with the people there and now we have this first test transaction done we are expecting the amount of like amount in ether for whatever has been approved the first payment and the idea was to get this fund like into some of this stable currency. Earlier Hudson used to do all these
transaction and convert into dai and usdc and have it moved because for doing that someone has to move the fund to the personal wallet and then move it back to the
Cat herder point.

**william Schwab**: I don't want to weigh down the meeting ,understanding the actual details. Maybe we can talk about this more in the discord either afterwards or a different time.

**Pooja Ranjan**:  Yeah, it sounds good.

**William Schwab**: Just try to understand all the details better. What needs to happen? How does it need to ? Who's able to do it? All that kind of stuff.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Yeah right let me go ahead and add you guys on multisig first and then maybe in the channel you would get more clarity on how it needs to be handled. All right so that's on the funding side. This doesn't close ech github issue as I mentioned we are trying to add any support that we are looking for from the community in the issue section, so there we have added a couple of bounties and a couple of tasks that  we are looking for help with. People can go ahead and dress for two. I am not sure if there is any unanswered ask. Oh yeah, there are actually a couple of them, issue number214  it's add a warning label to all
non-finalized eips, if anyone out there thinks that they can help us with this task please respond to the issue. We have Alita in the team who can maybe help with the present
structure of eips github and the eips.etheldem.org to support with. Any kind of question answer if you have? Similarly I believe there was one more right? That's all about it. Anything else anyone wants to bring it up here and just for everyone to know if you
need attention on any work or that you would want to bring it to a client's attention. If you think that any document is missing that they would want to be added on any individual client website or whatever feel free to create an issue here. We will try to reach out to the respective team and try to help as much as possible. So I just want to keep this place as an
open forum for anyone to seek help and to provide help. On funding side I see a lot of open
issues. I  will try to respond to most of them as much as possible today. There's a lot going on and like we are trying to get this funds transfer thing done first we will try to respond to all the open issues.

# 7. Discuss and close the ECH GitHub Issues/PRs

**Pooja Ranjan**: All right, coming up to the last item on the agenda it is decision and action items from the previous meeting Pooja to follow up with Michael for ech website. So yeah I can't see Michael on the call today but we have a meeting planned in like the next 12 to 15
minutes after this right after this call with Michael on the website update and we believe to have some kind of kt about how we are going to work on the process now that we have both the cms system and part of it is integrated with github would to have a workflow of keeping the ethereum cad herders website with the help of pull requests like anyone they want to have an information and they want it to be added on ethereum cad headers website. They can go ahead and create the pull request and with the people who have merged access
will be. After review will be merging it and the information would be reflected on the athlete and catholics website. The next item was William Schwab William x and Pooja to look into some of these which were bought for easy discord. We did work on bots and I hope to continue working with William Schwab and william x as well. There are a couple of other people who are helping out a trend supported with some bot for server capture nethermine. The devops team is supporting some help and there's this one user discord user dark is cool. He is also supporting and the last one more ech member are invited to join the ethics multisig. We are moving in that direction William Schwab and Bendalph will be added soon
that's all from the agenda item anyone wants to bring up anything.

**Brent Allsop**: So tell me so there's a meeting right after this meeting for the website. Is that the plan and I kind of miss that.

**Pooja Ranjan**:  That's right so we can use the same joining link for running that meeting which is right after this making harm and in ten minutes yes.

**Brent Allsop**: Okay so this would be on the same channel. So I will just stay on then.

**Pooja Ranjan**: Any other thing that people would like to bring up today. Thank you everyone, we ended up 10 minutes early today. It was a good meeting and I think we are
making good progress. Thank you everyone for joining and if someone has any issue they would want to bring it in the next meeting. Please leave a comment and we'll try to add up on the agenda next time. Thank you everyone for joining. Hope to  see you all in two weeks on july 28th. Thank you, yeah thanks very much.



-------------------------
## Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* Brent Allsop
* William Schwab
* Antonio Sabado
* Shane Lightowler
* William Xaun
* Trenton Van Epps
*Alita Moore

## Next Call - July 28, 2021 .



