#Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting Notes

###Meeting 9
### Meeting Date/Time: Tue, April 2, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 30 minutes
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/23)

Moderator: Hudson

#ProgPoW Audit:
Hudson: new promising leads for funding, Hudson and Charles spoke previously about writing a community update. Planned timeframe: by end of week.

Brett: Some conversation about figuring out how much has been promised/matched.

Lane: Could be that $<redacted> is the total figure for all audits put together, not for each team.

Tim: Would be good to include clarification about how much $ is needed for funds, and how much the grant(s) we have cover.

#Hardfork Coordination:
Pooja: ?(maybe Charles) suggested on hardfork channel that next meeting should be no earlier than the Berlin meetup.

Tim: Since very relevant things will probably happen there.

Hudson, Brett: some discussion about probability of changing hardfork cadence

Hudson: We should make sure that there’s a Cat Herder involved in the discussion

#Aragon/Moloch:

reps not here, skipped (see later)

#Action items from post-Contsantinople help: 

Charles is working on it this week (see later)

#Eth Dev Portal: 

Charles mentioned some progress in a note to Brett

#Eth 2.0 Coordination Help:
Pooja: (missed)

Brett: Summarized from Mikerah last meeting, issues of creating testnets preclude work on coordinating multi-client. Brett thinks there still is value Cat Herders can add by providing a single source to verify against.

#Any Other Business:
Hugo is set to work on website

Charles mentioned that ChainSafe (Greg) would love to coordinate with Cat Herders

Hudson: Not on core dev a week from this Friday, conversation with Lane about whether Core Dev call should be moved

Tim: Maybe make the Core Dev call work on an Australian Time Zone for variety; more empowering for Australian and East Asian devs

Hudson: might be too late

Lane: Weighs pros and cons to fixed times vs. more inclusiveness, leans towards fixed times.

Conversation around Tim moderating next Core Dev with Tim, Hudson, Lane. Probably won’t be streamed this time.

###Charles Catching Up:
Charles got in, mentioned postmortem, Ethereum website stuff with Moloch.

Lane: Shouldn’t focus on Ethereum website.

Rehash of Eth 2.0 coordination (multi-client testnet not the current project, will work on individual testnets first, all want more tests before stating that client works), Brett: Cat Herders can still provide a single source to verify against.

#Previous Action Items:
First four are still active.

Carbonvote warning came out.

Pooja presented EIP tracker previous Friday by Core Dev call.

Task list is merged.

Charles added to multisig by Lane.

Lane: There are audit funds in the Cat Herders wallet, need to have a discussion about access, what needs to happen. Will circle back after action items

Mikerah discussed Cat Herders, results already noted above

Pooja is coordinating with Charles and ugo about website

Brett set up a Gitter channel for Core Dev Notes

#New Action Items
Pooja: Should we create a draft for process and submit as a pull request? Brett, Hudson in favor

Hudson: work with Charles on making a post about ProgPoW audit, for sure before next Core Dev meeting, probably by end of week

#Managing Funds
Lane: Uncomfortable with more than $1k in a one-of-n scheme. One easy thing would be 2-of-3, or making separate account for ProgPoW

Hudson: First should be making 2-of-3. Will become action item.

Some conversation about the amounts now that Charles is on the call, becomes clear that there’s a certain level of confusion about the numbers. Charles should know shortly.
